["Green, L 2024, <i>David's essay</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"% David 4 12 23
David’s essay

FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Breathsonings 1 of 4

After the operation, the hospital worker helped their patient feel better by dropping watery sugar down their throat. The helper helped the person recover by showing them when to swallow food. The doctor educated the patient about their body by eating the food to help them understand how they digested it. Showing this knowledge, the patient finally played a game about food entering the stomach. Following playing this game, the patient remembered to eat healthy food, have lovely feelings and eat enough food.

1. The pedagogue selected the suitable material. The substance was better for the task. It rebounded well. It was non-stick and hygienic. Or it was adhesive.
2. The pedagogue stated that the valve allowed gas to escape from the pipe using a switch. I analysed the valve. I regulated the flow in the piping system. Or I handled the pressure in the piping system. I released pressure using the valve.
3. The pedagogue bisected the angle. I measured the angle using a protractor. I divided this angle by two. Using a protractor, I drew a point at this angle from one of the lines in the original angle. I ruled a line from the centre to this point to bisect the angle.
4. The pedagogue helped with becoming a bot, acting as the bot and listening for cues. I selected the best environments for the child. I made sure the child was equipped for study. I attended to the child. I helped with arguments and algorithms.
5. The pedagogue backed up the files. I detected that the file had changed. I backed it up. I found the file’s version history. I retrieved an old version of the file.
6. The pedagogue was described as the stick. Simulants weren’t seen as sticks. I rested. I walked carefully. I put my head flat on the pillow.
7. After finding the tests, I ran Lucian CI/CD. However, modifying types could help simplify it instead of saving parts. The substrate was the program’s previous version. Instead, I found the algorithm’s tests and whether it worked from types. I could more easily correct and finish the algorithm using types. I used constants, pattern matching, simple CAW commands, or neuronetworks to complete the algorithm.
8. The pedagogue tested the argument and algorithm assignments with students. I worked on the version for some disabled students. I reduced the complexity of the algorithms specified. Functional students all worked on algorithms of the same complexity. I could reach disabled students in other languages, provide live feedback and use a web version control system that ran algorithms.
9. The pedagogue worked offline then committed the file. I wrote a web word processor. A variant of it could mind-read students. Or it could complete code using Lucian CI/CD or types. The student downloaded the web word processor to their computer to ease the load on the server.
10. The pedagogue labelled the data as recognised or unrecognised patterns. The algorithm completed the algorithm using types. I found the types gap. I found whether types were inserted or deleted whether a decision tree, sort or subterm with address had been used. I separated the need for pattern matching and CAW/neuronetworks.
11. The pedagogue wrote a programming language or grammar to write algorithms using subterms with addresses with nested patterns. I used program finder to complete the algorithm component with recognised patterns and CAW or a neuronetwork to complete the algorithm element with unrecognised patterns. I labelled data by name and used subterms with addresses to process data with recognised and unrecognised patterns, and patterns within patterns. I required data to have these labels from the start. I predicted linear and hierarchical structures.
12. The pedagogue pretty printed the tree. The subterm with address language could process the data more quickly. I could process data in the correct order. I processed data depth-first, pre-order, in-order, post-order or breadth-first. I listed the query, order and transformation.
13. The pedagogue eliminated ambiguous labels. The subterm with address language could process the data all at once. The user fetched the subterms and addresses. Then, they processed subterms, found subterms from the subterms in a hierarchy, and processed them until there were none left. Processing them in Prolog allowed for global and local counters, loops around the same or different types of subterms.
14. The pedagogue built the output level(s) by level(s). The algorithm built the output using the subterms’ addresses. The subterms’ structure could be mirrored, and their addresses kept the same. Or, some items could be earmarked for deletion. Or, an algorithm could insert items in a level or insert a new level according to a heuristic.
15. The pedagogue labelled data before merging it. I operated on the data and substituted it back in using its addresses. They may be sorted or sorted without deleting duplicates. Data may be taken, modified and replaced into the structure. The data could have labels added or removed.
16. The pedagogue left the code with a subterm with an address in it to simplify processing. I transformed unrecognised patterns in the list. I listed the data. I found a pattern in it based on previous patterns, using a neuronetwork. I listed the code to produce the output.
"]