University 2 - 1

1. The lecturer listed the commands without output to preserve in Lucian CI/CD, such as close/1. I found the types for the algorithm. I found the list, string, number, atom, blob, variable, predicate and type types. I proposed that each of these be put in terms of the number type. There were integer and floating number types, converted to each other depending on the number.
2. The lecturer listed the hierarchy of types, including “or”. I verified that the tests were compatible with the types. The test was "a(1,2,A). A=3.". The type was “a(number, number, number).”. I verified that 1 was a number, 2 was a number, and 3 was a number.
3. The lecturer corrected the incompatible tests. I listed the compatible tests and produced errors about the conflicting tests. All the arguments in the test had a type. If one of these types didn’t match a type statement, there was an error. Types could specify hierarchies of commands and lists.
4. The lecturer wrote a grammar of the programming language. I wrote types as a single statement, including “or”. The single statement was instead of a hierarchy. I wrote “and”, “lists”, and “or” in the hierarchy. This single statement avoided the need to name reused types. I used a grammar.
5. The lecturer shortened the grammar, listing different endings together. I wrote nested commands in the hierarchy of types. For example, "predicate_name:rounded_list(variables) :- commands.", where commands="command, commands", command="findall(-,commands,-)" or command="halt", etc. I combined the types from the algorithm into one hierarchy. I found the parts which were supposed to be called the same but hadn’t, and did.
6. The lecturer found the grammar and formulas to produce the input. I grouped the recurring types. I examined the code producing the string. I preserved the lists of characters converted to strings from findall. I kept notes of properties, saved as separate formulas, to produce tests.
7. The lecturer constructed the type (1 or “1”), two and the test 1,2. I made a hierarchy of types containing disjunctives. The example “a:-b, number. b:-string. b:-number.” gave the hierarchy. The single statement was given by the example “a:-(string or number), number.”. The example gave a formula, “a:-(number a or string a),number b. {b is a+1}.”.
8. * I wrote intermediate types to define types with the same beginnings and ends but different middles. 
Then before, to earlier in imm 28
After company strategy 
