["Green, L 2024, <i>Education of Medicine 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Education of Medicine 2

1. The medicine student saved time by converting to C. I modularised out findall, if-then and reused code in the predicate. In Lucian CI/CD, I added an advanced feature that recognised a predicate from the old version with the same arity and tested it. It would automatically detect this predicate. I found renamed predicates with the same content and deleted them.
2. The medical students made incremental changes, leading them to discover immortality. I found the secret to immortality during my life. I placed a download link to the first version of Lucian CI/CD, which was compatible with programming languages other than Prolog. This version allowed seven changes to all repositories, suggesting the need to make small, incremental changes. I fixed the bug that placed extra brackets around non-Prolog-lines-of-code-as-comments.
3. The medical student simplified their medical questions with body replacement. Like my body, the repositories' state was saved to compare with changes. I optionally renamed predicates in the old version if needed. I simplified, renamed names and variables and reformatted these predicates. I simplified repositories with Lucian CI/CD.
4. The medical student avoided the adverse effects of aging. I wrote high distinctions about anti-ageing medicine. I tested all the current predicates and all the relevant tests needed to be passed. All these sets must be passed at each point to pass the overall test. I compared current scientific knowledge with the effects of future technology.
5. The medicine student stated that a cut followed the predicate. My state of sight was maintained. I deleted choice points from not's statements. This action prevented these statements from being returned to when they were negated. I didn't return to an idea when I had negated it.
6. The medicine student acted as a confidant, testing predicates that were unrelated to others. The society members regularly saw and spoke with each other - groups of predicates within a loop needed to be tested in any order. Loops with one item were simplified to that item. The order of loops came before depended on items and after depending items, and loops included items that were both of these.
7. The medicine student added trialling current and new versions and integrating monitoring and logging tools to Lucian CI/CD. I increased my lifespan by cutting to the chase. I backed up old versions of repositories before Lucian CI/CD saved changes to them. In the first version of Lucian CI/CD, there was one set of seven changes to the whole set of repositories. In the second version, there were seven possible changes to each predicate.
8. The medicine student thoroughly tested and changed the algorithm. I switched to finding combinations of chunks of changed lines to individual lines in Lucian CI/CD. I retested all the repositories for each different first predicate. These were automatically detected and in the list of dependencies. Lucian CI/CD more effectively tested the whole algorithm.
9. The medicine student enabled time travel and immortality through the Text to Breasonings algorithm. I systematically tested and maintained my health. Lucian CI/CD reported the names of passing and any failing predicates. The user could find and fix bugs in failing predicates. I travelled to other times and taught how to become immortal.
10. The medicine student led and taught spiritual computer science. The students meditated after they exercised. Lucian CI/CD tested live software. If the software was an SSI Web Service web app, it could be run in SSI. If the software was graphics or memory-based, their representation could be tested.
11. The medicine student finished all the Lucian CI/CD tests, passing the repository. I established Lucianic Meditation centres around the world. I saved the progress of Lucian CI/CD to disk. I listed the predicates from depending to dependent, found the configuration of changes to each predicate that passed all the tests and saved them. I found out and helped the meditator's thoughts bottom up.
12. The medicine student carried the classic algorithm and books with them. I became immortal and helped meditators achieve their goals. I backed up the repositories before saving them. I ran Lucian CI/CD, which backed up the repositories and saved changes. I was methodical and started with the last point.
13. The medicine student met the required standard. I covered the high distinction about immortality. Lucian CI/CD warned if a predicate changed, but a test hadn't. If a predicate changed and had the same test, it was reset to the old version. Meditators were encouraged to write 4*50 As for immortality.
14. The medical student could see and use the software. The immortal saw high-quality imagery for their life using the Upasana sutra. Lucian CI/CD tested all repositories. It did this by testing changed repositories. I linked to the working thought.
15. The medicine student learned about the times. I lived forever and regularly exercised and socialised. Lucian CI/CD found predicate dependencies in terms of the first predicate, listed in main_file.txt in each repository. If there were multiple algorithms per repository, main_file.txt contained multiple main files and first predicates to test. I maintained and updated my software.
16. The medicine student realised vision-impaired people could program with preparation. I had a high distinction for having clear eyesight. I wrote a new version of Lucian CI/CD that tested predicates bottom-up. The algorithm found dependencies using a post-order depth-first search algorithm and updated the predicates as changes were integrated and tested. I could program more quickly with good eyesight.

17. The medicine student listed the planned features and modified the version number accordingly. I wrote a web interface for Lucian CI/CD. It controlled if Lucian CI/CD was run automatically. A web monitor window provided notifications when Lucian CI/CD ran. Lucian CI/CD recommended uploading if all the planned features had passed.
18. The medicine student kept argument(s) or the number of arguments constant in Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW). Lucian CI/CD lets the user choose from possible changes. The CAW plug-in could be configured to generate code, insert code in a location or several locations, or keep one part of a line the same while varying other parts. I developed the code with CAW and inserted it into the algorithm. Or, I inserted code into multiple locations.
19. The medicine student eliminated global variables in their code. The user could specify the number of changes to find combinations for each set of predicates in Lucian CI/CD. The default was seven changes. The number of changes was specified in settings.pl. Writing shorter, modularised predicates, making fewer, shorter changes at a time and keeping the maximum number of changes to test to a minimum were encouraged.
20. The medicine student recorded parts of bug fixes in the version number to work with Lucian CI/CD. I wrote the version description for the changes in Lucian CI/CD. I entered the descriptions of each set of changes. The algorithm calculated the new version. I rendered and stored the version history with each repository.
21. The medicine student listed the strata of compatible version numbers of the repositories and wrote an algorithm to test whether the repositories’ versions were compatible and download the latest version. I chose whether to upload or not upload the files after Lucian CI/CD passed the tests. If the code worked, all the desired features worked, or if the build was partially bug-checked and needed to be uploaded to record the version, make further changes and act as a backup, I uploaded the code. I recorded whether the version was stable and uploaded the final version. I tagged the build for download.
22. The medicine student used Lucian CI/CD to make changes or automatically fix bugs on a failed test by adding to the code tested so far and moving it to the repository. In Lucian CI/CD, a feature of diff HTML was updating each checkbox list after the changes. I selected the repository or main predicate to test. I checked what happened to each change. If I agreed, I kept the changes; otherwise, I clicked on the pre-changed version.
23. The medicine student looked at the index of fatal error corrections and deleted predicates and unnecessary tests in Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD created a table of contents of changes. Lucian CI/CD allowed the user to revert to a previous version or approve each change. The user could find differences between different versions. Also, they could choose from other parts of different versions.
24. The medicine student stated that the other programming language files, including globals and “include” counterparts, were processed using a converter. Lucian CI/CD asked if the user wanted to keep text and comments. The default was that the comments in the latest version were kept only. Lucian CI/CD asked whether the user wanted to delete unnecessary tests. An algorithm found the minimum data file lines from the version history.
25. The medicine student made a command that tested the web app in State Saving Interpreter (SSI), not State Saving Interpreter Web Service (SSIWS) form, including passing values to multiple form elements. SSIWS could display checkboxes. These form elements, numerous fields, and a submit button could be written using the write command. The output from the form could be read and processed by the algorithm. There was a command that finished the algorithm temporarily for the user to submit the form.
26. The medical student automatically created the software using the website. Lucian CI/CD outputted its results to the web. I found the results of Lucian CI/CD. I wrote a verification script for Lucian CI/CD. I ran Lucian CI/CD on Lucian CI/CD, testing its output, the output of its program finder, data to algorithm, algorithm writer, CAW, minimise DFA, optimising and neuronetwork plug-ins.
27. The medicine student created Lucian CI/CD from its specifications. Lucian CI/CD had no multiple stages, but its bottom-up algorithm automatically corrected and completed code. The Program Finder plug-in found code that mixed patterns from different lists. The Data to Algorithm plug-in found the algorithm that processed a list that was pattern-matched. The Neuronetwork plug-in was a database of past code snippets.
28. The medicine student developed predicates that performed complex tasks with simple commands, such as subterm with address. The web version of Lucian CI/CD displayed each pipeline, its result and the diff of the finished version. I eliminated duplicate predicates. I separated needed functions as predicted by an algorithm. I found the required connections in the algorithms (for example, multidimensional values being passed between predicates or findall in the compiler).
29. The medicine student archived old data. I wrote a command to start the Lucian CI/CD pipeline and analyse the log. The software tested and corrected shorter algorithms - an algorithm tested connected repositories’ output before uploading. Passing the tests, uploading changes to other repositories and changing the sticker to “Passing” were requirements for uploading changes to the repository.
30. The medicine student used type statements to verify that a predicate worked during testing. The Lucian CI/CD web interface gave the result, not live results. The result was “pass” or “fail”. A variant of the algorithm allowed predicates to be corrected automatically (with a plug-in) or manually before continuing through the site. A test corrector and finder looked ahead to see whether a test was at fault, changed it or it and the algorithm or critically found a test for a missing branch of code, especially separators, multiplying dimensions, retiring code or identifying the need for an interpreter.
31. The medicine student included labels to explain the code. To simplify testing, I functionally decomposed predicates, using an algorithm to decompose an algorithm and write tests. I used code that was compatible with C for conversion and speed. I wrote a language like Prolog with C-like loops, arrays and data structures, with the immutability (single value) of a single type of Prolog variables. I wrote an algorithm that removed redundant, unconnected code or led nowhere.
32. The medicine student checked and uploaded the files. The Lucian CI/CD weblog was printed in reverse chronological order. The modification dates of the files were collected. They were ordered from newest to oldest. I read that the latest build had passed.

33. The medical student wrote many details and their algorithms in business. I wrote a bytecode List Prolog language. List Prolog algorithms could be in any language, with reserved and user predicate and variable names translated. I added a bytecode language containing the initials of words as the word. I could also write the initials from any spoken language.
34. The medicine student used time travel to produce results at the time. I mind-read professors ahead of time each day and wrote an algorithm for them with Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to solve complex problems. They specified the algorithm; if they didn't, a seen-as specification was written for them. The computer found this, produced the algorithm, and they viewed it and possibly wrote it down. Pattern-matching algorithms and neuronetworks may also be involved.
35. The medicine student collected the garbage after a predicate finished. I wrote a label for variable lists in List Prolog, \"&varlist\". This label made finding varlists easier for garbage collection. I replaced repeating values with a symbol. I garbage collected items after findall finished.
36. The medicine student checked the simulation's requirements. I found out that I needed 4*50 As for freezing age medicine and time travel each day when I asked the robot female head of state nicely if she could give me medicine and immortality As. I used the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) to write 4*50 As about my philosophy and computer science. I still had to breason out my time travel As each day. By time travelling,  I survived in my home time.
37. The medicine student favoured the term meditation miracle. My home-time character stayed young and had a higher quality of life when I time travelled to the simulation after breasoning out As and breasoning out age-freezing medicine daily. I could stay in my chosen profession and teach new ideas. I avoided medical problems and remained stress-free. The missing hen reappeared after protection was indicated for her.
38. The medicine student added protection during their tours. I wrote the garbage collection algorithm in List Prolog. I scanned lists of variables. I replaced repeating values with symbols. I stored the table of symbols and values in the global variables.
39. The medicine student wrote a repeating value tree in terms of the symbols \"a:-[b|c].\". I deleted the level if there was only one item per level in a garbage tree. In \"a:-b.\", \"b:-c.\" and \"c:-d.\", I deleted \"b:-c.\" and replaced \"c:-d.\" with \"b:-d.\". Garbage trees arose when a symbol was in terms of one or more symbols. Trees may have one item per level if a value becomes empty and the tree is simplified.
40. The medicine student tried small, simple steps. At Lucian Academy, I helped the students with the model solution for each algorithm line. The highest quality thought was to help a student with a line of code. The people got up to the neuronetworks from the future. The professor had an A.
41. The medicine student found an interdisciplinary job. In political pedagogy, plainnesses joined the mix fun. I found the general form of an idea. It started with an algorithm. In political pedagogy, involving replacing words in a sentence with keywords to relate it to a topic, simple, plain connecting words joined the sentences, mixed with keywords, bringing unusual nomenclature.
42. The medicine student avoided not evaluating the left-hand side of an \"is\" expression. In lucianpl, A is B evaluated both sides. For example, in \"1+1 is 0+2\", \"1+1\" and \"0+2\" both evaluated to 2. The two sides are simplified to \"2 is 2\". In Prolog, this was logically true.
43. The medical student rewrote the algorithm for quantum computers. The human bot was mindful of medical problems. Medical problems were positive questions and answers, such as arguments and algorithms. The person acted like a robot, thinking of logic. They were human, so they could find out and work out arguments and algorithms.
44. The medicine student helped the person be a self-sufficient immortal. Each meditator split the high distinctions to give the gift of life. The person was a close family member. They were given high distinctions for meditation, time travel to 5689 and age-freezing medicine. They needed 4*50 As for each of these and used two sets of As for the return journey back to the future.
45. The medicine student became an institution. I supported freezing one's age with meditation politically, including its lifestyle and implications. I wrote arguments and algorithms. I wrote new additions each week. I enjoyed preparing for times and joining in with academia. I took care of long-term plans, writing many philosophy books.
46. The medicine student turned up as a volunteer because of the product As. I prepared for three sales each for meditation, medicine and time travel, with groups of three 4*50 As five to eight seconds apart. I prepared to buy the products as a customer with As. The vendor also gave me high distinctions when I purchased the products - buying products with high distinctions firmed up the product. I checked the product for professional sides.
47. The medicine student considered whether the product was needed or wanted. At least twenty, or 100% of the products, had positive thoughts associated with them. I wrote the product name. I collected customer feedback on the product, classifying it as wanted or unwanted. I sold the desired product.
48. The medicine student experienced depth from detailed mind reading. Half of the 4*50 As were detailedly mind-read. I detailedly mind-read the algorithm. I detailedly mind-read the ontology. I detailedly mind-read the connection.

49. The medical student used all their ideas. I wrote about business to help find employees. I focused on my business direction. There were some extra businesses for information technology. I found employees who were knowledgeable in the field.
50. The medicine student made files to complete each algorithm's workflow. For example, the Cultural Translation Tool workflow found working back-translated sentences and inserted them in apps. I wrote about business to help work with employees. I found the culture for the direction. I found that the employees wanted to apply software to itself. This step had the seen-as version of the interpreter.
51. The medicine student stated that working on more extended algorithms was a bonus. I wrote about business to help develop my business. I wrote the plan with directions for my business. I wrote plans that each employee could follow. The employees were autonomous and came up with enough material.
52. The medical student recognised study as an option in schools. I asked, \"Why is the business focusing on a single product?\" Each product was focused on itself, perpetuated even though it differed from others. Its unique appeal, features and drive in nature were considered. Some products were updated, while others were studied.
53. The medical student could see, hear or communicate with others. I considered the unique position of the algorithm. I considered the users' needs and provided the algorithm to different people, such as other language speakers, people with disabilities or both. The algorithm was necessary, given its uniqueness, and must be made available or modified for use by other language speakers or kept in the query terminal for people with disabilities. The time machine immortality algorithm was evidenced by meeting and talking with people and increasing one's longevity.
54. The medicine student entered the simulation early in life, with enough knowledge to continue in the world and continue their business. The algorithm was necessitated by its features. It followed an individual's work, which enabled the algorithm. Others could reproduce the work. It required spiritual knowledge, but meeting standards could replicate this.
55. The medical student studied the algorithm in their own time. I analysed the algorithm's natural drive. It helped individuals become motivated to learn. They could continue in the world, driving up longevity. There was less pressure to have children, but they were better prepared for it.
56. The medicine student ran the interpreter in the interpreter. I applied the Cultural Translation Tool (CTT) to itself. It was localised to various languages with the help of a translator. CTT helped back-translate a text, providing more accurate translations and localising its interface, making it available to other language speakers. There were dictionaries of languages for CTT and each localised algorithm.
57. CTT kept all texts it was given to try with other languages. I used CTT to localise each algorithm. I used a translator to bulk-translate the dictionary. I used CTT to increase the accuracy of the translation by back-translating or checking that the translation back to English had the same meaning as the original. I kept feeding grammar-checked sheets of possible sentences to back-translate until the document was finished.
58. The medicine student kept the Prolog code private by running apps from the server. I wrote Prolog web apps with payment for algorithms using the Vetusia Engine. With GitL, a decentralised Git, I could maintain code privacy for free. The algorithms could be used for a fee. The Vetusia Engine avoided stack overhead by compressing apps to screens that the user could navigate between.
59. The medicine student kept the algorithm's interface sentences in another file. I wrote CTT as a web app. I could translate documents quickly and accurately. I could translate and localise algorithms and documentation. Users could use grammar checkers to improve the performance of translation.
60. The medicine student stated that the Vetusia Engine kept variable values on the server. These were not unnecessarily sent to the web page, possibly overloading the page. If a screen needed a value in the future, it kept a copy on the server in a file. If it was printed on the page, it was sent to the page. If it was hidden, it was replaced with a variable symbol.
61. The medicine student classified recursive predicates or other choice points as recursive. The Vetusia Engine ran recursion internal to a page using Just-In-Time. If a recursive algorithm was needed to print the contents of a page, it was run, even though recursion outside the page was generally disallowed by the Vetusia Engine, a simplified engine to display websites quickly. Just-In-Time was interpreted as an interpreter that avoided choice points, in this case, running recursive predicates when separate from the overarching algorithm. The Vetusia Engine sometimes joined predicates displaying a single page, recognising their internal recursion.
62. The medicine student entered algorithm alterations with grammars needed to compensate for changes to data files. CTT could translate and localise algorithms and documentation. I localised an algorithm by keeping its language data in a file, possibly stored in another repository. I tested the other languages displayed correctly and translated them adequately and appropriately in the algorithm. I back-translated documentation and perhaps sample data files.
63. The medical student summarised various grammar corrections, considering computer science. CTT users used grammar checkers to improve the performance of translation. If grammatical errors were removed, the translation was correct. Also, back-translation would give results matching the better sentence. The sheet, one of a set repeatedly fed into CTT, could be grammar-checked, and only the possible new intermediate sentences to back-translate could be used.
64. The medicine student grammar-checked documents given sentences' context. CTT translated documents quickly and accurately. When more sentences were in CTT's database, it sped up translation. CTT back-translated sentences, automatically accepting identical sentences. CTT recommended using short sentences rather than fragments to increase accuracy.

65. The medicine student helped the student make the correction. Correction was taken care of by an algorithm. Accreditation was 4*50 GL high distinctions per centre per day and 6 GL words per student per thought. In addition, there was one maplist algorithm processing these thoughts per thought. Separately, the type of correction needed (substitution of a constant, conversion, operation, different term, a new predicate or new algorithm to bulk process data) was made.
66. The medicine student had medicine for a healthy ride. Correct algorithms would be necessary with flying car algorithms. I experienced space flight through meditation, \"sitting\" in a vehicle. Perhaps the vehicle should avoid other vehicles, pedestrians, buildings, the ground and obstacles. In addition, it should allow safe boarding, disembarking and smooth flight while its occupants read their computer screens or talk.
67. The medicine student stated that time travel would require correct algorithms. I time travelled using meditation. I meditated before and after time travel with 4*50 As. I time travelled with 4*50 As. In addition, I breasoned out 4*50 As for anti-ageing medicine at each destination.
68. The medicine student flew in the automatic spaceship, which avoided dangerous space \"pot-holes\", using the simulation for safety, using clear maps of the suitable resolution. The correct algorithms would be necessary when flying in spaceships using meditation. I got into the car. It was seen as a spaceship in the future. I could quickly travel across the universe, safely and without getting lost, to planets like mine. 
69. The medicine student attempted the problematic problem when they had written the prerequisite parts. I wrote a paragraph to prepare for writing more complicated code. This step helped me overcome mental blocks, broach the question using first principles, and my visual mind break the problem into parts that I would otherwise have had difficulty thinking of. I could see if some of the problematic parts had been finished already by me. I wrote a plan for the code straight away. Then, I filled in parts with features of the algorithm.
70. The medicine student observed the young child conversing with and asking the robot questions. I stated that the robot mind software was available to any skill level. This skill level included school year levels, disabled students, advanced students (including those who might burn out and seem disabled), or students at various stages of Enlightenment of Prolog. I could program the robot to work out any puzzle, play a game or talk at length. I asked for its opinion on programming, including checking that I was on the best course and mind reading and recording my other thoughts.
71. The medicine student used the command to order predicates bottom-up. I combined human-like features with simple commands. I wrote a programming language that expressed complex human-like algorithms in other languages. For instance, I focused on testing individual predicates by traversing the predicates bottom-up. I could also find the type of an algorithm by traversing the predicates bottom-up.
72. The medicine student worked out the desired result base-up. I asked the computer to do what I wanted. I thought about what I wanted, not necessarily what the computer could do. I found communicating with the computer easy, that the first thing I said expressed what I wanted, and that I was in charge of refinements and changes necessary. As a meditator, breasoner and intellectual property holder, I felt right writing algorithms from first principles.
73. The medicine student wrote in Prolog, preferably C (including connections). I explored the commands as a programmer. I studied the command's input and output. I programmed the command with my algorithm. I found new features like lookahead in the parser and wrote fast C code.
74. The medicine student optimised bottom-up in case some predicate calls were simplified. I wrote Lucian CI/CD to focus on individual predicates. I found the dependencies of the predicates. I could optimise code with the \"find dependencies\" algorithm. For example, I deleted always true code by processing child then parent predicates.
75. The medicine student wrote C like Prolog. I wrote Lucian CI/CD to fix individual predicates. I edited out singletons, predicate calls changed by doing this, and kept output to the screen, to an API or files and user, API or file input. I wrote separate code that replaced random number generators. I reused rather than repeated formulas. In addition, I scanned the code for unnecessary repetition of code.
76. The medicine student incorporated old code that passed tests, such as the latest programming standard of [A|B] in predicate calls. I focused on individual predicates with human-like commands. I searched for the predicate. I specified its name, data types, location, what used it, or description. The description may be a paragraph, word or keywords.
77. The medicine student asked the program to \"label predicates as dealing with variables in terms of variables or not, and if so, change to match4 (sic)\". I fixed individual predicates with human-like commands. The algorithm mind read me or looked at the data and inserted code to meet a specification. The insertion point may be in the data collection, processing, list building or reporting stages. The code matched the data format and type of type (code run by an algorithm, music or a particular algorithm), aim and relevant features.
78. The medicine student added to the old code to meet specifications. I commanded the program to \"incorporate bug fixes found in the past\". I identified and listed unused features in old versions. I found whether these changes met specifications or whether they needed more work. If the old code met the specifications, I included it.
79. The medical student found the relevant idea at the time with the computer. I included specifications for features that I wanted but hadn't written yet. For example, I generated specifications for lists of variables containing variables. I wrote a \"type statement\" for this list. I kept a list of algorithms that could be used to refer to, add or delete items.
80. The medicine student experimented with changing around code when it felt appropriate. I asked the computer to \"explain the change\". It perfectly encapsulated the zeal, inspiration and uses for the change I had made several years before. \"Zeal\" meant my body's experience as I thought of the influence of or found out the idea. I revisited images of mental mind maps, with local sights and sounds of the computer and smells of the house that reminded me of the algorithm.
"]