["Green, L 2024, <i>Education of Meditation 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Education of Meditation 2

1. The meditator brought their money to ancient Rome, much to the delight of restaurateurs. I stated that safety laws were a high priority. The robots, cars and time travel algorithms were ratified to be safe. The robot strolled in the right place and was dignified. Like the car algorithm, I walked, looking where I was going and not becoming distracted by others. I time travelled to safe times and places, out of sight and (as if it was like a play) acted, talked and dressed appropriately.
2. The meditator prevented the robot from changing its algorithm. I specified the robot's algorithmic requirements. Only enough memory was allocated to each algorithm. If more memory was needed, it was given. The advanced robot mind read people it would meet, preparing in detail the responses to their philosophies.
3. The meditator stated that the robot's mind must be wiped to match people. The robot lasted a month. It was different from us. It covered its response to our ideas, actions and what we said. Its responses matched us but were more detailed.
4. The meditator moved away from conflict and enjoyed a high quality of life. One of the robots seemed to lack confidence. The non-head-of-state robots were not as human. The following head of state didn't support visitors to the simulation. The boy was encouraged to join a simulation in their time, the future, to be immortal.
5. The meditator simulated friends, doctors, fellow workers, customers and company executives. I brought the robot's mind with me on a journey. The robot had a face, thoughts, emotions and words. It could cope without actions on my smartphone. I simulated my mother asking how I was, telling me to work less, stay healthy, and disrupt or be opinionated about others.
6. The meditator programmed their friend to avoid paying. The meditator simulated friends. The friend regularly messaged the person, caring for and thinking about their progress. Their unique facial expressions, mistakes and disruptions were the sign of a true friend and never ceased to amaze and inspire wonder in the person. The friend app was continuous with reality, and the robot could meet the person, go for walks, play sports and visit architectural sites of interest.
7. The meditator opted into the check and sought comments, advice and compliments about their work. I simulated doctors. This doctor was not a real doctor, just a psychotherapist. They asked how the person was feeling, tried appropriate food to help with the person's goals and suggested times to take a break or sleep. The doctor kept a log of their conversations with the person, checking on their meditation and pedagogy progress.
8. The meditator skipped (deleted) calling predicates if the specification had already been met. I simulated fellow workers. The other workers came to the person when they got stuck or could be asked questions when the person was stuck. Fixing the computer wasn't necessarily a single command, but listing the sequence of commands to configure the environment could be replicated, and keeping backups helped return to normal function. The scaffold of the algorithm tricked Lucian CI/CD and Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to write code matching the specification without too much complexity.
9. The meditator meditated to maintain profits and paid scripted customers to keep workers on their toes. I simulated customers. The customer was an algorithm or a robot, like a mystery customer. They inquired about products, asked questions about answers, and tried products. I used the customer software to test features' user-friendliness but not falsify sales, avoiding worrying about money.
10. The meditator observed the teacher collect up to six 4*50 As over their career. I simulated company executives. It was like before when I was writing computational philosophy as the company's point but supported my goal of having an academy by supporting students and keeping abreast of the times by reinterpreting the texts. The board set strategies to expand and open or close centres. The managers used this strategy, hiring and setting out work for programmers and teachers.
11. The meditator-immortal opened a school for advanced students. I avoided breaking laws. I aimed for immortality. I went on holiday regularly. I eventually automated the academy and my job, donating money to philanthropic organisations.
12. The meditator recognised the challenge was in the formula, for example, finding all formula combinations. I thought of the ramifications of the robot's programming language. The robot was easy to program by querying a decision tree of algorithms indexed by data types. These types included a type \"including\", which allowed finding simple data types and substituting more complex ones into them. Functional calls could call any intermediate predicate, building on child predicates with particular types.
13. The meditator eventually replaced reused code with a predicate name. I recognised that the most complex formula could be represented using maplist (or a list-processing predicate), so I expressed formulas using maplist. I converted them to recursive predicates and then to C. I could also represent the predicate call as a specification of its input and output. I checked the generated code worked. Sometimes, more data was needed to clarify the algorithm type required and sort out non-monotonicities (exceptions).
14. The meditator explored all relevant topics using mind reading. I interviewed myself about programming the robot to find positive topics. The mind-reading algorithm followed clues to uncover my hidden specifications on current features. It discovered these for any worker, making them valuable. The meditators were incredibly open to mind reading.
15. The meditator looked at missing robot thought types in previous models. I interviewed the simulated future robot to find positive topics. As I programmed the robot, data about completing the code was displayed, with the output, including its resulting thoughts, speech and actions. The desired results were kept, and other parts were edited out. The robot \"formed itself.\" I completed it, meeting my mission, and was proud of the result.
16. The meditator modified predicates with a matching input type but a different output type, with \"type flow analysis\" and inserting needed code. Testing was taken care of by an algorithm. CAW merged and diverged horizontally and vertically predicates to one(s) with the required function. I reused code to save time. In addition, I modified the code to have a needed type in the middle, with a desired output type.
"]