University 1 - 1

1. The lecturer processed the data in bulk, converted a formula to an algorithm and found the program from the user interface. I worked out the future algorithms from the types. The data structure's type, the formula's type or the output's type helped produce the algorithm. I found the pattern in the transformation from input to output, for example, pattern matching or a mathematical formula. Alternatively, I started with identifying a formula and inferred input and output from it.
2. The lecturer modified some sentences with cultural references and algorithms with language-specific grammars. I developed the bulk Cultural Translation Tool. I translated the documents into other languages. I checked off the sentences that were the same when back-translated. I asked the user if different sentences had the same meaning as the original, and kept these variants to check other languages.
3. The lecturer kept track of sentences that hadn't worked, and kept sentences that had translated properly. I developed the tool to translate an algorithm into another language. It could help bulk translate documents into other languages. I translated the document first. Then, I translated sentences that the user had modified to be simpler.
4. The lecturer always started with a exact types or a list of list of types. String concat was similar to append in that it could work out the output of get token-style parsing of strings containing string variables and constants. I represented string_concat as ":" and append as "::". Different types could be inputs into string_concat. For example, A=a:a produced A=a:a. Alternatively, aa=A:a produced A=a.
5. The lecturer broke apart two string expressions equalling each other to debug the expression. I stated that a string such as A in aAbBc=DEc could have zero or more characters. I made inroads from the edges. Then I found all combinations of solutions. I could specify string lengths.
6. The lecturer started with a list of list of types. For example, list(ABb)=bbbbbb. In this A=b and B=b. The algorithm started by finding the number of times the minimum lists could fit into the string. Then it kept on trying to find matches, until all the matches had been found.
7. The lecturer guessed the type from given constants. I tested commands were compatible with each other. I found the called predicate's type. I found the call's type. I selected a compatible fit from the call to the called type.
8. The lecturer turned off the need to be defined for some predicates. I guessed the processed list would be defined. In addition, I assumed output would be preferably defined. I preferred to warn about, rather than make allowance for an out-of-place undefined variable. I preferred data to be defined as soon as possible.
9. The lecturer changed "a(A,B,C):-and(A,B,C). and(true,true,true)." to "a(A,B) :- A,B.". I tightened the type of the called argument from a possibly obsolete output-input pair or an non-defined input-output pair. The former, for example, "a(O):-b(O). b(i)." can be rewritten "a(i).". Ideally, input should lead to input and output should lead to output. I converted logic-containing rules to logic.
10. The lecturer gave the sort algorithm as a type to help generate data. I simplified the nondeterministic list of types to the most useful ones per predicate (for example, ones that used each command in the interpreter). For example, the interpreter may have string, atom and number commands. These had the same types as themselves. I ventured to suggest random input for a sort algorithm.
11. The lecturer continually tried to reduce to binary. I found the algorithm's types, then wrote tests from them. I reduced the algorithm to the minimal logic, including types. I made inroads, working out and simplifying parts at the start or ends that the algorithm always parsed, or didn't need. I determined properties of the algorithm and simplified it, like lazy evaluation, using data or the algorithm, prompting optimising the instruction set.
12. The lecturer found additional possible new tests, to test new features. The immortal suggested corrections to incompatible tests. First, the algorithm found types to check tests against. If an already present test didn't fit any types, then all or parts of the input, compatible with the type, could be used to find the spec. The algorithm could find the closest type and modify the test.
13. The lecturer signified exact data lengths and types, requiring grammars. I checked the human-written tests against the types. For example, the string a, which may recur in types, may have different lengths, with different results. It may be better to use constants or specific lengths. The constants would signpost sequences in the string, making it easier to parse.
14. The lecturer added zeroth rows and columns. The string expression a = string expression b could contain whole algorithms. For example, similar list expressions could find list(list(number a_n_m))->flat(list(list(a_n_m))). Or they could find items using a heuristic, for example, the maximum number or the sorted list could be found. This heuristic may be part of the algorithm, transforming matrices.
15. The lecturer explained that the item was transformed and put back. Simplified expressions were a new programming language. I extracted items with member or subterm with address. I wrote connections between equal expressions and extractors, such as list(max(list1)). I extracted information twice, when correspondences were needed.
16. The lecturer explained how the algorithm should work in plain language. I explained that the item was transformed and put back. For example, list([a where member([b,C],a) and C is replaced with C+1]). Or C could be compared with a value inside or outside it. Or only a list([b,C]) could be returned, or addresses of [b,C] could be recorded before substituting back.

I found the types for the algorithm.
continue from imm 29 in imm 28
then before, to earlier in imm 28
After company strategy 


