["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Prepare 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Time to Prepare 3 of 4

21. The neuroscientist prepared to show the visitors around thoughts like a particular thought. He did this by selecting the warm jumper. First, he tried on the thin jumper. Second, he tried on the thick jumper. Third, he selected the medium-thickness jumper. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to show the visitors around thoughts like a particular thought by selecting the warm jumper.

22. The neuroscientist prepared to test that his conclusion was perfectly expressed. He did this by wearing the jumper uniformly. First, he pulled it down his arms. Second, he pulled it down his front. Third, he pulled it down his back. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to test that his conclusion was perfectly expressed by wearing the jumper uniformly.

23. The neuroscientist prepared to store the memo in a cold place in the house. He did this by lying in a cool place. First, he measured the temperature beside his pool. Second, he measured the temperature in his bedroom. Third, he went to bed in the bedroom because it was cooler there. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to store the memo in a cold place in the house by lying in a cool place.

24. The neuroscientist prepared to measure the number of serotonin molecules (or whether he felt like he was at home). He did this by sewing two layers of pillows together to make a bed. First, he sewed together 8 pillows together lengthways to form the bottom layer. Second, he sewed together 8 pillows together lengthways to form the top layer. Third, he placed the top layer above the bottom layer, so that the pillows in the top layer covered those in the bottom layer. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to measure the number of serotonin molecules by sewing two layers of pillows together to make a bed.

25. The neuroscientist prepared to measure the student's achievement level over time in a mathematics test. He did this by lying diagonally across the bed. First, he lay across the x axis of the bed. Second, he placed a marker at the x and y co-ordinates where the book was. Third, he lied diagonally across the bed, touching the marker. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to measure the student's achievement level over time in a mathematics test by lying diagonally across the bed.

26. The cake maker prepared to ice the cake. He did this by creaming the pie. First, he removed the cream's lid. Second, he inserted a spoon in the cream. Third, he placed a dollop on the pie. In this way, the cake maker prepared to ice the cake by creaming the pie.

27. The bottler prepared to put a cork in the bottle. He did this by closing the refrigerator door. First, he pushed the door with his hand. Second, he lifted the latch. Third, he closed the door. In this way, the bottler prepared to put a cork in the bottle by closing the refrigerator door.

28. The neuroscientist closed the book about the brain. She did this by closing the birdcage door. First, he put the bird in the cage. Second, he closed the door. Third, he put the towel over the cage. In this way, the neuroscientist closed the book about the brain by closing the birdcage door.

"]