["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
God Algorithm 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to make the film.  I did this by determining that the film director's apple was positive.  First, I found the apple.  Second, I bit it.  Third, I swallowed the mouthful.  In this way, I prepared to make the film by determining that the film director's apple was positive.

32.   I prepared to receive the payment.  I did this by washing the lady's colander.  First, I found the colander in the cupboard.  Second, I retrieved the scourer.  Third, I washed the colander with the scourer and water.  In this way, I prepared to receive the payment by washing the lady's colander.

33.   I prepared to save the apple seed.  I did this by eating the apple.  First, I bought the apple.  Second, I chewed it.  Third, I ate the apple core.  In this way, I prepared to save the apple seed by eating the apple.

34.   I prepared to determine what to do next.  I did this by building the brain which transcendental conclusions dropped into.  First, I thought of statistics.  Second, I thought of how it related to the reason.  Third, I thought of the conclusion.  In this way, I prepared to determine what to do next by building the brain which transcendental conclusions dropped into.

35.   I prepared to be famous.  I did this by pressing down the press-stud.  First, I put on the vest.  Second, I pressed down the first press-stud.  Third, I repeated this for each press-stud.  In this way, I prepared to be famous by pressing down the press-stud.

36.   I prepared to read the pedagogy qubit.  I did this by verifying the qubit using the pedagogy screen.  First, I read that the qubit indicated that the breasoning was valid.  Second, I read whether the pedagogy screen had been read for the breasoning.  Third, I verified the qubit.  In this way, I prepared to read the pedagogy qubit by verifying the qubit using the pedagogy screen.

37.   I prepared to display the banner.  I did this by programming the computer to display the pixel.  First, I set the pixel's x coordinate.  Second, I set the pixel's y coordinate.  Third, I displayed the pixel.  In this way, I prepared to display the banner by programming the computer to display the pixel.

38.   I prepared to write about my feelings.  I did this by typing the query 'Do you love me?' to feel positive.  First, I asked if the person loved me.  Second, I received an answer in the affirmative.  Third, I felt positive.  In this way, I prepared to write about my feelings by typing the query 'Do you love me?'.

39.   I prepared to have a nap.  I did this by typing the query 'Do you love me?' to change me to positive.  First, I asked if you loved me.  Second, I received the answer 'Yes'.  Third, my day changed to positive.  In this way, I prepared to have a nap by typing the query 'Do you love me?'.

40.  I prepared to defend the King.  I did this by moving the King Duchess piece.  First, I made the hexagonal Duchess board.  Second, I placed the King on the hexagon.  Third, I moved the King on hexagon forward.  In this way, I prepared to defend the King.  I did this by moving the King Duchess piece.

41.   I prepared to record the final move.  I did this by moving the Queen Duchess piece.  First, I protected the piece which I would corner the king with.  Second, I cornered the king.  Third, I declared this checkmate.  In this way, I prepared to record the final move by moving the Queen Duchess piece.

42.   I prepared to follow my strategy.  I did this by moving the Rhino Duchess piece.  First, I considered moving the rhino piece forward two hexagons forward or back and one hexagon left or right.  Second, I considered alternatively moving the rhino two hexagons left or right.  Third, I moved the rhino to one of these squares.  In this way, I prepared to follow my strategy by moving the Rhino Duchess piece.

"]