["Green, L 2021, <i>A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 2 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 2 of 3

15.   I prepared to agree with the song.  I did this by selecting the job.  First, I selected the job.  Second, I thought of you.  Third, I walked along the path.  In this way, I prepared to agree with the song by selecting the job.

16.   I prepared to earn the job.  I did this by writing the application.  First, I wrote the 50 As.  Second, I breasoned them out [not in one day for a famousness job].  Third, I applied for the job.  In this way, I prepared to earn the job by writing the application.

17.   I prepared to be healthy.  I did this by maintaining a dry nose.  First, I wrote about the elderberry.  Second, I stated that it had vitamin B.  Third, I stated that it had vitamin B complexes.  In this way, I prepared to be healthy by maintaining a dry nose.

18.   I prepared to say that I earned the degree in Meditation.  I did this by stating that the meditator (anthropologist) successfully earned the famous job.  First, I observed her use it to publicise meditation.  Second, I observed her use it to publicise medicine.  Third, I observed her use it to publicise pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to say that I earned the degree in Meditation by stating that the meditator (anthropologist) successfully earned the famous job.

19.    I prepared to dig my own archeology of knowledge.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper helped the applicant earn the job.  First, I wrote about the people.  Second, I wrote about the societies.  Third, I wrote about the sticky bun.  In this way, I prepared to dig my own archeology of knowledge by stating that the pedagogy helper helped the applicant earn the job.

20.  I prepared to automate the management (in fact, redo the whole thing).  I did this by stating that the applicants considered had 50 As.  First, I wrote about the 50 As.  Second, I noticed that one had 100 As, and they were all specific.  Third, I gave her the job.  In this way, I prepared to automate the management (in fact, redo the whole thing) by stating that the applicants considered had 50 As.

21.   I prepared to help the contingents.  I did this by writing that the human resources question questioned the required budget for group meditation (societology).  First, I wrote the first present.  Second, I wrote the second present.  Third, I wrote the third present.  In this way, I prepared to help the contingents by writing that the human resources question questioned the required budget for group meditation (societology).

22.   I prepared to help choose people now.  I did this by earning the job by thinking of perspectives clearly.  First, I helped the genius.  Second, I asked, 'Who's that?'  Third, I listened to you answer my question.  In this way, I prepared to help choose people now by earning the job by thinking of perspectives clearly.

23.   I prepared to love you.  I did this by stating that I can do anything that I would like to do.  First, I found the treetops.  Second, I sat on them.  Third, I said that I am the best in the world.  In this way, I prepared to love you by stating that I can do anything that I would like to do.

24.   I prepared to work the float.  I did this by earning 250 breasonings for questioning things to be right.  First, I assisted you.  Second, I maraded you (marched and paraded with you).  Third, I believed in racial equality.  In this way, I prepared to work the float by earning 250 breasonings for questioning things to be right.

25.  I prepared to go on television.  I did this by preventing the skin blemishes using the Lucianic Medicine Nut And Bolt and Quantum Box/Prayer (Argument).  First, I used the Nut And Bolt technology.  Second, I used the Quantum Box/Prayer (Argument) technology.  Third, I prevented skin blemishes.  In this way, I prepared to go on television by preventing the skin blemishes using the Lucianic Medicine Nut And Bolt and Quantum Box/Prayer (Argument).

26.   I prepared to apply philosophy.  I did this by writing that the music students analysed my songs.  First, I listened to the song.  Second, I wrote the exposition and it's algorithm.  Third, I wrote the critique and it's algorithm.  In this way, I prepared to apply philosophy by writing that the music students analysed my songs.

27.   I prepared to read about God (the man).  I did this by searching online for instructions about what to do in hot weather.  First, I stayed indoors.  Second, I drank water.  Third, I stayed cool.  In this way, I prepared to read about God (the man) by searching online for instructions about what to do in hot weather.

28.   I prepared to examine the artwork.  I did this by stating who the head of the school was.  First, I found the lady.  Second, I walked to the head's office with her.  Third, I introduced her to the head.  In this way, I prepared to examine the artwork by stating who the head of the school was.
"]