["Green, L 2021, <i>Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 4 of 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"CREATE AND HELP PEDAGOGUES
by Lucian Green
Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 4 of 5

30.    The self observed that aigs worked for the other.  The self observed that being an aig pedagogy helper required meditation.  The self observed that meditation prevented cancer (maintained health).  The self observed that meditation produced better results in education and business institutions.  The self observed that meditation decreased stress (maintained relaxation).
31.    The parliament knew about how the self and other knew the way.  The parliamentary pedagogy helper chose the direction with the aig.  The parliament made the correct decision by law.  The parliament chose the direction with fine art.  The parliament chose the direction with philosophy. 
32.    The self knew what the other desired.  The helper's pedagogy aig is.  The self knew it.  The self knew the other.  The other knew the self.
33.    The self knew the other.  The self attained or discouraged the aig because it was right or wrong, respectively.  The self knew what the aig was.  The self knew what it did.  The self knew that I was right about it.
34.    The self attained a simulated and intelligent thing.  The audience member accessed helped pedagogy aigs with 50 recorded or breasoned breasonings.  The pedagogy helper gave the breasoning to the writer.  The writer wrote it down.  The audience reacted to the breasoning.
35.    I wrote rather than listened. I stated that the creation and performance of the helped pedagogy aig is stronger than seeing and copying it.  The creator/performer examined the aig.  The creator/performer wrote in the aig.  The creator/performer learned about the aig.
36.    The self described what the other thought.  The self breasoned out the 15 breasonings in the aig.  The self wrote about the aig.  The self wrote inside out.  The self described the other.
37.    The self examined the logos.  The self endorsed the subject being mentioned in the breasonings chapter of the aig, helped by a pedagogy helper.  The self knew the other.  The self knew about the second other.  The self knew about the other too.
38.    I discovered how aigs worked. The pedagogy helper stated that the aig was an element of the aigs, and that the aigs were available when wanted.  The self noted that there was an aig.  The self wanted the aig.  The self took the aig.
39.    The self observed that God didn't (did) exist.  Delta time = 0 in aig pedagogy help, showing that God (man) replicates aigs instantly, and so God (man) exists.  The self noticed the ruler.  The self noticed God (the man).  The self noticed the other.
40.    The self observed more others.  The self observed that the pedagogy helper created pedagogues.  The self solved the social complexes.  The self remedied the economic conundrums.  The self avoided the medical questions.
"]