["Green, L 2021, <i>Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 1 of 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"CREATE AND HELP PEDAGOGUES
by Lucian Green
Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 1 of 5

Indicate Pedagogy Helper Aigs (to think of 5 As) each day to be a Pedagogy Helper.

1.    I experienced bliss.  I did this by preventing cancer from using Aigs to become a Pedagogy Helper by uttering 80 'I have already completed my cure' mantras (words) at the start of recording day.  First, said that I had already done it.  Second, I knew you.  Third, you knew me.
2.    I observed that it was the mantra (word) meditator was could become a pedagogy helper.  The mantra (speech) meditator helped by distributing pedagogy Aigs.  First, he was helped to collect As.  Second, he called the group of them Aigs.  Third, he helped help people earn A grade in educational institutions.
3.    I scooped the boat.  I did this by observing that everyone was happy with receiving pedagogical breasonings.  First, I observed that the mantra (writing) made everyone happy.  Second, I used the mantra (synonym).  Third, I observed that the mantra (term) made everyone happy with receiving pedagogical breasonings.
4.    I lived long and happy.  I did this by observing meditation helped health when writing breasonings.  First, I meditated long and slow.  Second, I wrote breasonings up and high.  Third, I observed my body worked when I breasoned out the breasonings.
5.    I was satisfied by breasonings.  I did this by observing that meditation helps make breasonings work.  First, I meditated for a while.  Second, I wrote the breasonings down.  Third, I discovered how breasonings worked.
6.    I observed that the Aig Pedagogy Helper was good.  I did this by observing everyone helping pedagogy with Aigs by using the mantra (utterance).  First, I observed that the yantra (image) (used with the mantra, or thought) helped with distributing the Pedagogy Aigs in the electromagnetic field.  Second, I observed that the yantra (pattern) made the pedagogy helpers perfect).  Third, I found out the yantra (number square) from Guru Dev (the man).
7.    I experienced the stages of life.  I did this by observing that the meditator pedagogy professor coordinated the Aigs, then stopped and looked at the images and was given images of the rest of the Aigs.  First, I found the Aig.  Second, I looked at it.  Third, I was given the rest of them.
8.    I observed that the professor should become a God to maintain the system of people.  I did this by observing the professor become God by using the yantra (art).  First, I observed the professor help with pedagogical Aigs.  Second, I observed her use the yantra (mathematical grid).  Third, I observed her become a God.
9.    I collected independent competency to be well known and reporting to be a well-known person.  I did this by stating that I have already helped by distributing pedagogy Aigs to help another distribute pedagogy Aigs.  First, I walked to the place.  Second, I stated that I had already done the work.  Third, I continued on.
10.    I stated that I was already healthy after helping with Aigs as a Pedagogy Helper.  I did this by stating that I was already healthy before helping with Aigs as a Pedagogy Helper.  First, I used my Medicine degree to maintain perfect psychiatric health.  Second, I uttered the mantra (chant) to bring the yantra (image of clearness) into effect.  Third, I stated that I was already healthy because the yantra (painting) had caused the quantum box to dismantle each thought of that kind, preventing a lump from forming."]