Simulation 7

1. Reoptimise algs with general enough breadth to include useful cases. This breadth should be sufficient to avoid mistakes based on prior knowledge and to be respectful of local or global frontiers of knowledge. Global approaching knowledge needs to be respectful in the new relationships it uncovers, and the implications of the reduced topology of knowledge for other conclusions need to be finalised for all knowledge. This conjecture can’t be done by me using my systems. Chatbot. A programming language to produce a program.
2. Context-Free Grammar generator as a central idea in chatbot. Chatbot checks using expert systems. Physics checked against. Physics includes chemistry and biology. Race to replace mathematics with AI with a spec to algorithm. Spec to Algorithm, plop and theorem provers, using Spec to Algorithm to find macroproofs, fill gaps and insert proof sequences.
3. Spec to Algorithm inserts methodologies for input/output proof specs. Choice points to loops and spliced output- classes define well-writtenness and whether nondeterminism can be refactored simply without lone choice points and backtracking between predicate branches can be made into a single predicate with loops and optionally run expensive predicates. Choice points to loops and spliced output-instead of tabling, edit or morph the repeated clause. How can general cases from multiple algorithms help propose laws? Robots-minimal set of everything, such as Text to Breasonings, Grammar Logic, time travel to imm, Spec to Algorithm, optimisations. Loop2 arg ideas-ways of refactoring or writing without extra choice points, using compression, or cfg generators and non-brute force algorithms.
4. Spec to Algorithm’s code generator (using CAW, dictionary data) also converts sentence specs into data, then into code using Spec to Algorithm and generators. Tests are changed. Lucian CI/CD tests and modifies code in response to test changes. Predicates are merged. Spec to Algorithm needs to be modified to handle greater than 14 items at a time, possibly with a manual neuronet. Logic also needs to be applied to generate code, change tests, make changes, test, and debug code, in precise, natural language.
5. Lucian CI/CD finds code using logic, in and between predicates. I need Prolog because it produces cognitive code. I need Detlog because it combines the syntax of Prolog with even greater simplicity of fewer compiler instructions. While a(1). A(2). Becomes a([1,2]).
6. In detlog, clauses remain clauses and are collected by findall rather than being converted to a list by the converter, allowing them to be processed by higher-order algorithms. Member with findall of spliced output, abstracted out by the converter. Detlog is the only way to run Prolog on an Apple IIe. Detlog simulates cuts. Cut multiplication. Context-Free Grammar Generator grammars, maths.
7. Cut in the member choice point. End of pred. Cut object hamlet or integration multiplication in congl. Mnn and logic. Integration. Sane.
8. Detlog comments to show findall trace. Detlog allows examination of nondeterminism through the deterministic splice predicate. Logic in member cps allows subterm indexing and looping through them. Logic is like neuronet content, a single starlog command to produce output. Neuronets might optimise logic by skipping B in transitivity, for example, A to B, B to C, gives A to C. Perhaps delete the h1a line.
9. Include(‘./Philosophy/Spec to Algorithm/spec_to_algorithm.pl’). Delete. Writeln(Out). Or is it?
10. Writeln(G2). Include a query with the algorithm. H1a helps uncover the meaning of arguments for a topic through spelling and shows how to write a mind-mapping algorithm. Detlog. Assertz. Recompile new preds, x.
11. Instead, place in structures if data or algs. Higher-order programming. Recompile the X chain command. Mnns. Mnns are just the algorithm; others optimise and draw self-evident inferences using nns or mnns aimed at laws, methodology levels, and domains. Process command terms and run commands (higher-order programming) by simulating or transitively predicting them.
12. Flatten hierarchies of preds. Flatten higher-order programming hierarchies to Apple iie chain command to use less memory. Oliver Tree sim. Derivy means “something generated from something else. Proofs do not always correspond to algorithms. Proofs are algorithms with types.
13. Non-classical logic and detlog. Properties of spliced branches may be possible/from one/several/searched/operated on branches, or necessary/from all/mapped/collected/processed branches. Mnns may select from possible spliced data before computing, even deferring splicing in case an output may not require computation. Eg of skipping splices in detlog with mnns: If 1 appears with a,b more often, check 1’s first. MNNs skip and operate on splices. Yes.
14. In your framework, one of the main purposes of an MNN could be to avoid unnecessary branch expansion by operating directly on splices. Other operations. Find invariant. Mnns only have invariants; they can compute variants based on data. Flatten predicate hierarchies by treating dependent variables as indices. Operate on data in topological graph slices, not data structures.
15. To find the invariant not data ops. Then, manipulate and… the invariant levels (heuristic logic). Prioritise, think of aims, think of the world and logic and … when rewriting rules. I am researching the idea of “any heuristic” to choose data to splice from nondeterministic predicates in my new Detlog programming language. Freedom of expression (connecting anything effortlessly) is the required mathematical standard. To also achieve the correct standard for the simulation, one needs working object science simulations for noninvasive and legal DevOps moves.
16. Prolog. N accessible from nd to d loop. Neurosplice takes data and splices it by interpreting it. It may also involve selectively splicing the data. Cuten (sic) interpreter optimises splices. It also debugs it.
17. Neurosplice takes interprets. In addition to syntactic and semantic compression, Prolog compresses lines, predicates, algorithms, content, and other dimensions using sentence specs to specify code. Detlog memory problem solved by splicing the data in segments, forgetting memory used by commands with or without output and reusing the same commands, predicates and algorithms but with different data flow in memory. This is a manifestation of quantum memory. Rather than a nondeterministic engine that processes predicates one at a time, Detlog has a deterministic engine that treats predicates of the same name and arity as “predicate 1 with that name and arity”, then "predicate 2."  and so on.
18. Member converted to member_cp collects these predicates or rules. Object Hamlet - Positive outcome of Hamlet with positive objects instead of people. Detlog features include splice-predicate optimisation, combined splice, selective splice, neurosplice, and conversion to maplist, foldr, and Starlog. Splice might be represented in the final code (if it is clearer than member and cut), but subterm indexing and subterm index looping might be implemented as compiler-only optimisations because they sacrifice cognitive readability. Editor tools should make it easy to quickly convert between member and cut, and between splice and compare forms, and to edit subterm indexing and subterm index looping forms. Triangulated references (to two sources instead of one) should be recorded to prevent hallucinated sources.
19. Convert a philosophy sentence to data, then use the algorithm with Spec to Algorithm. Use this instead of Grammar Logic h1. Convert a philosophical sentence to data. Language Prolog or drill down using ontologies. Aphors, e.g., small white round tablet, or things that you would describe in an everyday manner. Ashwagandha.
20. I tested the code as part of DevOps on Apple IIe. On the Apple IIe, I coded in Detlog (and its converter), used DevOps, and generated code with a code-generator chatbot. The chatbot also explained algorithms, combined specs to generate algorithms, wrote algorithm inputs and outputs, queried chats, generated possible new algorithm ideas, and maintained businesses. The chatbot also controlled bash and Prolog to run, test and debug algorithms and generate data. Files were accessed through a sandbox to protect user data. The Apple IIe could produce and play MIDI files.
21. A low-memory (possibly) expecting, fast, fast storage, high-resolution, manual colour version of the Apple IIe produced movies, performed special effects, used a chatbot to oversee production, including sound, inspired writing and documenting Philosophy and Computing Talent Search projects, and demanded highly efficient algorithms. I used the Apple IIe to help with acting, pedagogy, writing scripts, writing positive psychiatry reports, history and science of the humanities, computing and mathematical physics research. I used the MBA to write and promote free programs, organise speaking engagements and workshops and plan to become a trillionaire, through space transport and future technologies. I wrote an algorithm to eliminate reverse in Prolog when possible, by using the context-free grammar, exhausting last-to-nth-last recursive clause computations, optimised by processing the maximum new types input in that order not done anywhere else, using computer science methodologies such as state machines, using descriptions to use methodologies using sentences and algorithms, using initiative to run algorithms when needed or suggesting recent or new methodologies sources, and using pre-written grammars and predicates (but finding predicates from recursive clause computations may prevent the need for this). Detlog handles multiple-choice points by splicing the outputs from the two branches as soon as possible. Detlog is still cognitive like Prolog, but its compiler sees the program as branch splicing, not backtracking.
22. Detlog (possibly with a converter, a BASIC compiler, unification, and cut-loop exiters) can run comfortably on an Apple IIe. Detlog's memory usage is higher on the Apple IIe with BASIC than with 6502. Do the same operation from different clauses or the same characters from different strings once, perhaps using decision-tree compression. For example, a:-a1,a2. B:-a1,b2. Ab:-a1,ab2.
23. Ab2:-a2. Ab2:-b2. The compiler compiles Detlog into 6502. Detlog is unlikely to be the most efficient implementation of full Prolog on an Apple IIe, because full Prolog requires general unification and backtracking. However, it could be one of the most efficient Prolog-derived logic languages for a large class of deterministic and semi-deterministic programs, especially if it combines direct 6502 compilation, decision-tree compression, and elimination of runtime choice points. For programs in relation to Loop2 and PLOP—decision trees, classifiers, CFG/DCG-style parsing, symbolic transformations, specification-to-algorithm generation, and deterministic splicing—Detlog could be among the most efficient Prolog-like systems feasible on an Apple IIe.
24. A deterministic language with the syntax of Prolog without cuts, but a compiler that compiles to C and findall that converts to deterministic loops, where instead of cuts, programmers eliminate unnecessary cuts, convert cuts to if-then statements, exiting loops called Detlog or BASIClog. It doesn’t have backtracking; instead, it converts free choice points into loops and, if they are in separate branches, it splices the output from the two branches at the first available opportunity. For example: C:-a(A),b(B). A(A):-member(A,[1,2]). B(B):-member(B,[3,4]).
25. Which gives: A = 1. B = 3 ; A = 1. B = 4 ; A = 2.
26. B = 3 ; A = 2. B = 4. Becomes: C:-a(A),b(B),splice([A,B],C). A(A):-member_cp(A,[1,2]).
27. B(B):-member_cp(B,[3,4]). Member_cp(choice point(D),D). Splice(Template, Result) :- Expand_cp_template(Template, Result). Expand_cp_template([], [[]]). Expand_cp_template([choice point(Choices)|Rest], Result) :-
28. Expand_cp_template(Rest, RestResults), Findall([Choice|R], ( member(Choice, Choices), Member(R, RestResults), Result). Expand_cp_template([X|Rest], Result) :-
29. X = choice point(_). Expand_cp_template(Rest, RestResults), Findall([X|R], Member(R, RestResults), Result). Which gives:
30. C=[[1,3],[1,4],[2,3],[2,4]]. The compiler converts member to member_cp and inserts a splice. Change splice to use determinism without findall instead of findall, and then apply member to the results to give A = 1. B = 3 ; A = 1. B = 4 ;
31. A = 2. B = 3 ; A = 2. B = 4. Remember to adjust splice(X,Y) so X can have n A,B. Use a deterministic Cartesian-product builder, then member/2 only at the end:
32. A(A) :-. Member_cp(A, [1,2]). B(B) :- Member_cp(B, [3,4]). D(D) :- Member_cp(D, [5,6]).
33. E(E) :-. Member_cp(E, [7,8]). Member_cp(choice point(D), D). Splice(Xs, Ys) :- Splice_rows(Xs, [[]], Ys). Splice_rows([], Acc, Acc).
34. Splice_rows([choice point(Choices)|Rest], Acc, Ys) :- Extend_rows(Acc, Choices, Acc1), Splice_rows(Rest, Acc1, Ys). Splice_rows([X|Rest], Acc, Ys) :- X = choice point(_), Extend_rows(Acc, [X], Acc1),
35. Splice_rows(Rest, Acc1, Ys). Extend_rows([], _, []). Extend_rows([Row|Rows], Choices, Out) :- Extend_one_row(Row, Choices, Out1). Extend_rows(Rows, Choices, Out2), Append(Out1, Out2, Out).
36. Extend_one_row(_, [], []). Extend_one_row(Row, [Choice|Choices], [[Choice|Row]|Out]) :- Extend_one_row(Row, Choices, Out). For corrected order: C(A, B,D,E) :- A(A0).
37. B(B0), D(D0), E(E0), Splice([A0, B0,D0,E0], Rows0), Maplist(reverse, Rows0, Rows), Member([A, B,D,E], Rows).
38. Result: C(A, B,D). A = 1. B = 3. D = 5 ; A = 1.
39. B = 3. D = 6 ; A = 1. B = 4. D = 5 ; A = 1.
40. B = 4. D = 6 ; A = 2. B = 3. D = 5 ; A = 2.
41. B = 3. D = 6 ; A = 2. B = 4. D = 5 ; A = 2.
42. B = 4. D = 6 ; This generalises to any arity. Splice([A0,B0,C0,D0], Rows). Member([A,B,C,D], Rows). Use quantum object detectors and modifiers to prevent problems revealed by linear algebra, single lines of information about the universe, linguistic imprecision, natural disasters, lost objects, and LLMs or vehicles going down.
43. If natural disasters can be prevented on one planet using a method, that method could be modified for another planet. The CAW code generator re-renders its content until it matches the correctness established by other parts; the correct language balances code and optimisation, and analysis and questioning of sentences are complete. If there is a verified solution arising from two parts working together in the database, for example, the number of variables or items per level in a variable can be mathematically adjusted to accommodate new specs. Hallucinations, errors and false sources are not present because it is not a neuronet, but a manual network. The chatbot will not be used to fraudulently produce work because the assessment is locked down to (almost unapologetically) force students to think for themselves under exam conditions, requiring comments, connections, logic, judgements, memory, and computations. A text or file renderer returns the exact answer from a document in response to a query.
44. It prioritises the method for finding the solution given the known document specs and optimises it. Green’s inspiration for manual neuronets and coding comes from his aim to explore algorithmic concepts himself, without looking at other solutions; that is, to explore the neuronet black box’s likely contents from input to output. Time travel and live on a single day. 5*16k breasonings for teaching a CAP subject. Write papers in the course. 16k for learning.
45. Take holidays and breaks whenever necessary. Trick - make it look different from the outside, and that’s what I get stuck on that I’ve been given. Become different people from your family. Both at similar times or in different lives (v). If there are multiple first-class people in the family, there are invisible people. Seen-as version 24-hour availability (do it that much).
46. Children are real people. Adults need to have been children and can be puppet bots. 10 breasonings to increase each line. What’s important. Fundamentals of llms. Dimensions and forces of nature.
47. Modular algorithms rather than agentic AI-produced ones. Agentic AI can’t combine or create ideas, whether they align with its own purpose or are ideal, so they are bypassed by flaw-tolerant reasoning. Modular algorithms take a one-at-a-time approach, where functionally decomposed algorithms perform one function at a time. Spec-to-Algorithm. NeuroProlog (Manual Neuronets). Starlog.
48. Browser Chatbot. Comments. Connections. Of the squares, one idea in each square (so there is content on any answer to any relevant question). Gauss, then change to regression later. Browser not natural language processing for chatbot, which allows auto-completing queries to run expert systems that, for example, produce algorithms.
49. Interdisciplinary Simulation Commerce University. The simulation helps provide customers, employees, and markets. AI provides tools and speed-ups. Ethics provides an ethos of sustainability, an education that is not detrimental, and automation (without a complete understanding and examination). Lucian’s open-source software provides manual neuronet tools that help form the school’s initial box of a guide for a trajectory of development from computer science (interpreters, CAW, Dev-Ops, Spec to Algorithm) to Business (alternative currencies, ethical bots and interdisciplinary creativity as own-business-in-degree projects). Ethical bots have minimum standards for education, quality of life, and other requirements, preparing them for launches, pitches, engagements (often repeated), sales, and lifelong learning.
50. Space, simulation, human-animal, robot, alien, hologram, transhuman, and future excursions. Own development and self-pace are emphasised. Possible projects include. Beginner:. Inventing or finding demand for a project, development stages, relevant research and advanced tools. Medium-difficulty:.
51. Longer computer and other projects, having employee(s), whole-business simulation, and automation. Advanced:. Lucianic bents on computer science (specs, automation, chatbots). Text-to-Breasoning technology (simulation, medicine, time machine). Philosophy of the University of Bologna model, consistent pedagogical work, hands-on, doing in reality, zealic  (sic) methodologies, making the spiritual real, visualisation in simulation, natural timing and real-time computation. Example project demo video.
52. Memory reminder app - Combines an information-rich, maintained web browser with AI and sensors to find lost objects. The map on the screen shows the logic and the map to the lost object in the student lab. Loop2. Rewriting tricks to make code better written and more efficient. Bugs - Corrected the bug in trying to use the 91 McCarthy code. Mistakes - Bottlenecks are not optimised and staggered.
53. Mistakes in the design: Hash tables are sometimes used implicitly where possible, rather than more complex data structures. Mistakes in correspondence and alignment of the problem and solution - Have very clear, actual, detailed ideas about making distinctions in normal reasoning to find relevant problem/solution part correspondences and an appreciation of correct reasoning about it and when transforming, (modifying, deleting, copying or deleting an instance of) the structure. Improvements - Spend long enough on a decision to complete analysis of the relevant symptoms, diagnoses and treatments and predict advanced needs like adaptivity, lateral thinking, undiscovered science’s angle and the person’s basic pedagogical needs, for example, regenerating into a new baby. Can a simple proof for 10*n say that it is n with 0 afterwards, using a Spec to Algorithm algorithm. Do proofs contain an invariant like this? Can proofs be algorithms with types?
54. Simulated robot in chatbot (developed by chatbot, but it is a professor-assistant bot that one programs). The roboticist simulated the robot’s systems, including its mind, behaviour, and its relationship to its environment. The robot is simulated in the chatbot to develop, test and use it (although it may also be used to manifest a holobot in reality). The robot can attempt both high-quality thoughts and efficiencies by appearing to have high-quality thoughts, where the high-quality thoughts are separate and psychological, and achieve the same result as their intended purpose. History is likely to favour anthropological natures, and by offering an alternative to neurobots (instead of manual neurobots), it is hoped that the former will not be used and the latter will, which humans will control and monitor with security, and to an extent understand their machinations and keep their discoveries. In reality, manual neuronets are a slower, more accurate manual neuronet better designed for education, because they are more easily examinable, rather than being a black box, where manual neuronets can be followed, traced and guided by people and are better than neuronets because they are visible, transparent, and accountable.
55. The accuracy of manual neuronets matches that of classical computers, but their more transparent, overpowerable nature means their higher speed is harmless, since they can be deactivated like classical computers. Senses can be the window to consciousness. In a way, consciousness determines our worldview, and our senses help determine our judgments within it. Senses should be examined non-invasively because this may preserve cognition, ethics, whole-system understanding, and subjectivity. Simulated robots’ senses may be a point of contention regarding correctness, apart from cognition. For example, a malfunctioning sensor may not provide enough data, may provide incorrect or “euphemised” data, may provide too much data to process, may provide skewed or unrepresentative data, or may provide unsynchronised or outdated data.
56. The simulated robots may provide one of many ways to complete scientific experiments non-invasively, and the sensors are like its senses, while it can move and respond using its neuronic (sic) brain, sensing simulated particles, objects, and data-encoded phenomena in the simulated world where the robot lives. Manual neuronets could enable home-developed versions of ChatGPT and accelerate the development of the kinds of algorithms one is interested in, reducing the need for large datacentres that, while they centralise data processing, could be handled in part by smaller centres or at home. Data compression corresponds to volume size, with innovation over time, thereby reducing the size of data centres. Datacentres focus heavily on email and photos, but neurocompression (available through home manual neuronet optimisation) or 3D models of houses, people, expressions, and other innovations in photos may reduce their need for them. Manual neuronets, rather than neuronets, can speed up trustworthy robot development and help us control them because we know them better, thanks to their transparency and our interest, and so fewer robot datacentres would offer the environmental, social, and health-related results. The plop repository approaches O(1) complexity.
57. Manual neuronets rather than neuronets interest people in writing neuronic image generation algorithms. Standards can help address the lack of data from manual neuronets in robot perception by using manual neuronets with cameras to detect important objects or shapes, thereby meeting safety and security requirements. It would not replace all raw media, because law, art, memory, and evidence often require original files, but it could reduce everyday duplication. Spec to Robot. Finds the specific software and hardware to achieve the goal, for example, to teach, research, commercialise, and mentor in the academy. I want to live a whole other life that I can stop when I want, and that isn’t in the real world.
58. Doctor of Living (interdisciplinary life and science doctorate). As long as considering life doesn’t get in the way of science, it can help put it in context. VetusiaCard as a robot: the chatbot enables chatting to program and fine-tune the robot using a simulation, speech recognition, text-to-speech, motor representations of facial and body movements, and software for robot editing. Commands with Spec to Algorithm. Enough examples to do the whole algorithm. Automatically fills in missing data.
59. Chat about each predicate bottom up. Rules, data (continually updating algorithm when adding, changing, deleting, or moving rules). Automatically makes changes with enough data. Regarding the plop Prolog optimisation repository, what if the required output is produced in waves, with complex interactions among variables? How can computation be halted for these variables? Only the necessary and related variables are identified using prior knowledge and constraints; for example, this is like neuro image generation.
60. Quantum algorithms can also be simulated on a classical computer. Intelligence is correctness. The browser presents answers and may then offer the option to display a grammar-logic argument or algorithms with methodologies along the person’s path. Transitive methodology. If there is an opportunity to shorten a methodological path, it is taken. Transitive proof.
61. Algorithm, types - transitive of algorithm, proof is optimised types - apply O(1) to types by writing operations in terms of types, then making recursive structures rigid for possible cases. Transitive algorithm. The topic is UniAIversity, where students write on their own topic whenever they want, have simulations for businesses and do as much or as little work as they like - so they transitively “skip” over non-humanness errors. Transitive solution. Closure with transitivity of relations in solutions, for example, merging or loading related repositories together, using Spec to Algorithm directly in DevOps (by optimising algorithms), and using them directly in the chatbot (to give high-performance versions of algorithms, to enable 100% correctness in generated algorithms and optimises the chatbot, which it develops while running - giving the impression of a human conversation partner that naturally responds to developments in the conversation - by constructing new expert responses). Graphical solution to the problem in the simulation, so one can handle multiple people per day more effectively.
62. Or, use Prolog to coordinate a business with creative or hand-done expressions and words. I need the magic, and he needs the luck. Improve brute force complexity from Context Free Grammar Generator-Hash table, etc., to improve chances of O(1). Optimise brute force. Grammar optimiser. Chatbot optimiser.
63. O(1) maths, English. Spell with better music, love and acting. Code will be replaced with sentence specs. Creativity should be blended with a chatbot. Also, human methodological plans should be explored bottom-up to check, interpret the intended spec and implement. Converting choice points to loops and spliced output needs taxonomies and cases.
64. Choice points to loops and spliced output - triple spliced intersection is possible when the possibility of running an expensive subpredicate is predicted. Use an agent to generate a programming agent. Spec to Algorithm. Starlog. Plop (neuroprolog) *rename. Maths proofs.
65. Proof shapes, eg when *10 last digit is 0. String (10n0) proofs, grammar from string, algorithm from spec (same (and different x, unless a different proof) rule/clause paths) (assuming hypothesis is correct) - but need to disprove or fail proving mistaken hypotheses. Define n as 1-9, ops in other proofs. Algorithms - need methodologies expanded from the io spec. Agent to gen agent - limits steps to conditions. Agent gen agent has an algebra engine (raw data is generated by caw; starts again at new roots) in terms of a Context-Free Grammar Generator or an expert system.
66. Maths requires Prolog, not Context Free Grammar Generator (but these are for reasoning maths algs) in the end. Choice points to loops with splicing - conditional (nested predicates with dependent output) with loops that collect various not one template, for splicing. Stack combos with CFG generator, spliced templates, etc. If splicing hierarchies do not directly access the needed predicate dependencies, use index looping to access the data directly (multiple templates in loops might be part of this). Give a Prolog example for a case where multiple templates in loops are needed. Aren’t templates like multiple [X,X] in findall([X,X],member(X,Y),Z), so: findall((X,[X,X],[X,1]),member(X,Y),(Z1,Z2,Z2)).
67. Find a case where splicing is a good idea because nested predicates are re-run, wasting computations. Plop makes this optimisation. You can write code remembering this optimisation as an improvement. Expensive may have a subpredicate that is another expensive predicate. Voronoi transporters. I pretty printed the hash table for O(1) performance.
68. I allowed for human error in cognition and programming. I styled the chatbot for different modes. I had botany, physics and other laws. Cp2las. Pl. By removing nondeterminism, conversion to C is easier, and performance will increase.
69. The included optimisations maximally improve performance. Focus on doing the new parts, not e.g. Gaussian elimination, which is part of another algorithm. Use a loop to replace findall. Use Gaussian Theorem Prover to flatten formulas.
70. Use ChatGPT and ga to try each small idea. Nondeterminism is changed to determinism by replacing findall (with iterative loops) and flattening (unfolding data from) nondeterministic predicates to optimise and make them inline inside loops. Splicing can refer to zipping or unzipping outputs. When converting choice points to loops, nondeterministic predicate results are spliced with maplist if there are no further conditions or relationships among the spliced data. A nested maplist, A nested maplist, or a combined maplist may be necessary to reuse code that repeats. choice points to loops, nondeterministic predicate results are spliced with foldr if there are further conditions or relationships among the spliced data.
71. If smaller parts must be processed first in spliced subparts, they are done first. Not an allowed member. A([d,e]). B([f,g]). C :- a(A),b(B),member(A1,A),member(B1,B). A([d,e]).
72. B([f,g]). C(KM):- a(A),b(B),loop(J,1,2,[K,M1]. (get_item_n(A,J,K). Loop(L,1,2,M,get_item_n(B,L,M),M1)). KM). It doesn’t do anything - splice should maplist or foldr.
73. Loop x. Later converts to C, with the maximum length of each of a and b determined to create an array. Memoisation (data unfolding) and, if necessary, simplification of the formula for it. Stage 1: Data unfolding should be applied base-up wherever possible (to find the simplest hierarchy of computations) throughout the algorithm. If a variable is reused, it is found or loaded in the right position beforehand. Predicates should be simplified to formulas that can be run in existing predicates when possible.
74. After Stage 1, use foldr to combine the nondeterministic outputs. Nested foldr is used when necessary, for example, in simplifying splicing, but should be simplified to foldr whenever possible. Optimisation by separately handling created and removed enumerators and operating on them differs from the indexical optimisation below. Indexical optimisation - By recording the matrix and list indices of inputs and arranging them according to the required outputs, patterns of computation may be optimised, thereby manually performing the function of a neural network (or neuronet, to mimic the word neurocode). The subterm with address predicate can quickly mock up multidimensional terms by referring to a list item number and its list item number, and so on, until producing a multidimensional address for each item. A subterm with an address is useful in subterm-index looping, which constructs only the necessary output by iterating over the inputs and producing it.
75. Because only the needed data is output, only some computations need to be processed using indexical optimisation and splicing. There may be shortcuts from data values used once for comparisons from where they are found to where they are used or reused. Alternatives to the two replacement topological concepts include an ungrounded explicit topological language to optimise and reduce the language model size. Queries can be in topological language and return labelled topological results. A VetusiaCard-likA VetusiaCard-like visualisation can quickly disseminate the developed content, allowing us to zoom in and analyse the functional data. Convert Prolog into an even more efficient choiceless Prolog, which contains loops and no nondeterminism.
76. I converted Prolog to loops without nondeterminism, and predicate output zips and unzips without nondeterminism. VetusiaCard was sensitive to touch, allowing tactile manipulation of virtual objects. I expanded my knowledge through more comments and connections. I wrote an algorithm that checked whether the rules were correct or needed qualification or simplification. I listened to the outside world, recording computation law commits, business commits and correspondence on the days. I lived one life at a time, with the possibility of a holiday.
77. I translated important discoveries into other languages after distilling the main points.