["Green, L 2022, <i>Enough time to get back in simulation if almost die</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Enough time to get back in the simulation if you almost die

1. The people and animals had enough time to return, increasing their quality of life. I asked if I could come back. I received the reply to this, the answer, \"yes\". I wrote an A. It was enough, no matter what my education level was.
2. I noticed that the people, the thoughts from the other universe, were negated with my A. I calculated the time needed to come back if I almost died. It occurred when I had enough time to do it. I could still critique the other universe for long enough to negate it. I could write an A in the time before people believed one universe more than the other. I had a short but long enough time to do this.
3. The people around me were real. I completely negated dying. If I didn't want to appear to die yet, I rejected it. The other universe didn't exist. The people around me reacted to me as if I had been alive.
4. I was still myself under it all. I increased my natural life expectancy by taking Chinese Herbs for longevity. I stayed on Earth for as long as I wanted to. I went from one project to the next. I helped my memory.
5. The main action was body replacement. Being part of the simulation both enabled immortality and protection. I didn't experience death. I saw an image of it and negated it. During this, the simulation protected my health and thoughts. I followed positive functionalism in medicine.
6. Whatever my choice, I remained immortal. I tested whether the image was of death. I learned that people were reacting to a person resembling me as if he had died. I put aside thoughts about how it had happened. I didn't query whether the universe had caused it. I knew the medical condition was unconnected to me.
7. I completed my philosophy by hand and prepared for management. I considered living as an immortal in the 2000s. I would have to time travel to 5689 when it was normal. Immortality gave me time to operate my business in another time. I existed in one place at a time and had friends at each time. I found what was necessary and completed it during my life.
8. I don't think alleviating is the correct term for influencing my livelihood in the simulation. I was not helping death. I was avoiding it. If the bot died for a particular reason, such as me not visiting the time each day, then meditation and this argument gave me the possibility of coming back. I noticed the ducks were immortal. I protected myself.
9. The simulation made it possible and gave me the freedom to enjoy it. I didn't dismantle a dead body (replace it) and bring it back to life. There was a previous branching point when the bot became separate and died. It was a second body, in a way, but another person. It wasn't me, and I carried the consciousness from my life, not it.
10. I realised that some people lived in the future. I noticed that other people may have died after not visiting their homes time for several weeks. I recommended learning how to write an A. I recommended studying for at least a Master's degree, which optionally expanded the A to 50 As, making it effective. I also wrote enough details for 50 As.
11. At any rate, I wrote 30-page articles. Helping others to join the simulation and become immortal became a significant priority. I observed people visit the open-source software website to download the software which enabled it. I encouraged the simulation culture, including writing on such topics during one's life and making a living from it. I determined that four or five 50 sentence As was the goal for an area of study.
12. I had meditation to thank for this event. I noticed that the people around me were delighted to have me back. I took a photo and put it on the Internet. I was happy to see they were pleased. I noticed that a famous person also almost disappeared and came back, and worked out she must have used A to do it. In my case, I wrote one A, and it lasted for my whole life.
13. To the outside world, it appeared that nothing had happened. I noticed that choice points were slightly illusory, that there was one timeline, and that bots hid the other simultaneous dimensions. I wondered whether a dead relative I felt was immortal could rejoin the main world. I thought that it was better to leave it to nature. I encouraged others to run the text to breasonings algorithm and maintain themselves.
14. I walked around the time and was conscious. It was natural that I was still alive. I noticed that people were happy that I was alive. I didn't hear any unkind comments or people being unsure. I wanted to thank the simulation programmers for a natural, positive experience.
15. I imagined removing non-positive functional ideas and maintaining my mental health. I simplified the choice point in my mind. I noticed the comments were positive. The event didn't seem unusual to the authorities. I liked the simplicity of happiness and focused on moving forward. By thinking of what to do in the future, I thought clearly about the unusual event.
16. I went to the doctor for a physical check-up after continuing to live. I was physically the same as before. Everyone felt happy for me. I felt comfortable while I wrote my A, just determined to survive.   I needed to finish running my business.
"]