["Green, L 2022, <i>SuperCard, or Any Number of As 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"SuperCard, or Any Number of As 2

43. Education was the synthesis of the As for the skills used.  I found the pathway for the student.  I wrote the area of study practicum for the assignment.  I wrote the education practicum for the assignment.  I wrote the business (enacting) practicum for the assignment.
44. The problems were solved instantly.  I found the funnel for the student.  I found whether the student had an unnegated question about the content.  The material was easy because it was necessary to synthesise recognisable parts.  I used clear language in the essay.
45. The customers found clear pathways to what they wanted.  I found the pathway for the customer.  I wrote 50 (sentence breasoning) As for business, including sales and bots.  I answered the customer's questions concisely, and in full.  Some of the customers' friends were aware they needed to buy products, so they used text to breasonings for them.
46. The business was with-it over the reason (sometimes ideas to complete) for the sale of the necessary product.  I found the funnel for the customer.  I examined the reason they customer fell out of the sales funnel using mind reading.  I completed the B to the B.  I was aware that the customer needed products to encourage them.
47. I increased the fetus's lungs during pregnancy.  I experimented to tell whether most of the students could understand an idea.  I wrote down the idea from epistemology.  I mind mapped it.  I tested whether the students had knowledge about and motivation to write on the topics.
48. The bug finder algorithm used trial and error to use correct bracketing in the algorithm.  The vision-impaired coder changed the algorithm with the changes to the specification.  He found whether the code could be changed by replacing the parts of it than affected the output.  If necessary, he added a routine that could produce the required output.  The vision impaired person produced simple algorithms.
49. I identified the very steep gradient.  The bug finder algorithm identified the missing epsilon value.  I found the first value.  I found whether the first value was close to the epsilon value (very high or close to 0).  If necessary, I inserted the epsilon value.
50. The hint software was used in speed coding competitions.  I presented the disabled person with a list of predicted next commands based on the specification of the algorithm.  Multiple options may lead to possible solutions.  There were hints about wrong commands or wrong data.  The person who wrote the hint algorithm finished the algorithm more quickly.
51. I documented variable data and its format.  I detected errors in the arguments of the predicate.  I found errors in the data using static analysis.  I found errors in the order, bracketing or effect in the specification in the data.  I found errors in the actual variables or data used.
52. The vision, hearing or intellectually or motor-disabled person, etc. could use the software.  I argued that computer science algorithms could help disabled people.  They could use a version of essay helper which connected the connection to the argument in six ways.  I converted CAW output to findall or maplist.  I reused intermediate CAW output with functionalism.
53. I simplified unnecessary findalls.  I used program finder to translate instances of a variable in findall.  I found a case of a predicate like findall.  I found the resulting variable structure with program finder.  I found nested findall.
54. 	
"]