["Green, L 2022, <i>Universal Translator</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Universal Translator

1. The simulant avoided time transgressions while speaking. I could talk to people in my language, which the universal translator translated into their language and understand people speaking in other languages in my language using the universal translator. The people were already in the simulation and were open to the universal translator. I was the speaking partner, spoke in our languages, and we experienced the other speaking in each other's language simultaneously. I surmised it worked by collecting grammar and pronunciation from people's lives, cultures, and texts through mind reading.
2. The simulant spoke with others about software he had written from the ground up. The universal translator was activated when time travelling. I was in the simulation whenever I wanted and could converse with anyone in any language. I was interested in computing and was conscious of robots physically researching libraries and times. I considered releasing my open-source software in other programming and human languages.
3. The simulant overheard others talking in other (current) languages, resembling those from the future. The people with robot implants appeared to have no arms to prevent scientific transgressions. Upon second thought, they might have been born that way or had an accident. At least, the simulation protected people by \"installing\" bots with a plausible local story explaining away the people I experienced through the simulation. Only I could meet these people, and people from my home time could only see me. 
4. The simulant attempted to account for different ideas in the times and circumnavigate simplifications, protections and important hidden information by the universal translator. The people appeared to be from the time because of their language and clothes. I concluded that people in the simulation chose to speak in my language because they trusted me and were similar. I also concluded that an algorithm chose certain people to appear in the simulation based on shared interests, thoughts and projects. I was curious how original cultural phrases and nuances in meaning were translated, and I tried to compensate for them in my mind.
5. The simulant valued the universal translator's messages and enjoyed people's company. Visiting a time with an A was nicer. I wrote an A about my interests, way of making money and preferences (space travel or friends). The universe was big and seemed to be thoroughly researched. I was happy to keep my appearance.
6. The simulant studied education, business and medicine Master's degrees. I wrote an A after the halfway point of my Master's degree. I met people and discussed topics of interest to us, considering what was appropriate by their and their time's ideas. I preferred to travel to the future, which was reliable, and they understood my algorithms better. I used an A to remain living, backed up by other As in my life, and explained how high distinctions could help attain immortality, during which I could study and talk to people.
7. The simulant believed the simulation helped them debug complex algorithms. I wrote the translation command, which recognised speech, translated it and played it. I wrote grammars from languages from my time. I looked for clues from body language and inferred visitors' and visitees' meanings. I used a computer algorithm to logically deduce inner and computationally relevant information from my conversations in real-time.
8. The simulant cared for their mental health and remained involved and informed. I researched the language from books and previous conversations. I assumed future people thought about a mixture of simplified or ground-up reasoning and advanced (no-go) technologies. I was content to talk about the ground-up science and help and be helped. I avoided discussing future technologies with anyone and took care when walking daily.
9. The simulant believed the simulation was the peak of civilisation and enjoyed breasoning and meditating. Without the universal translator, people would be drawn to research and take away knowledge, leading to transgressions. People could still research their ideas by scaffolding with breasonings and writing computer algorithms. The universal translator helped direct, clarify and solve problems, especially of a computational nature. Once, I overheard a girl from the future say she flew across the universe, emphasising the need for understanding her mental state from computational meditation necessary for time hops, and I thought she needed a miraculous expansion of breasoning algorithms that were the secret example of the time hop thoughts.
10. The simulant joined the simulation to help them form a happy lifestyle. The universal translator allowed friendships to form. I could converse and make friends with people I met. Spoken language allowed complex idea formation and computation, and written language allowed robotics, records, and communication. The universal translator saved lives by overcoming language divides and helping those in need. I felt grateful that the universe allowed life-sustaining simulations with time travel and meditation.
11. The simulant believed in the existence of the universal translator because of the meditational belief they had time travelled and the assumption that languages would have changed markedly in time. I didn't rely on the universal translator. Instead, I wrote ideas based on knowledge from my time. Even though the conversations were few and far between, I found myself talking with people from my home time. The university seemed open to the simulation. The other students were people from my home time, but simulants. The content was from my home time, and I couldn't detect transgressional content.
12. The simulant was pleased that the meditation skill was transferable to the future. I didn't take risks with meanings with the universal translator; instead, I spoke clearly. I once talked with a boy on a tram about nested findall in the State Saving Interpreter Web Service, and he, a local boy, mentioned he knew about the LLVM intermediate code optimiser for different platforms. I considered DevOps in public before a future doctor but was unsure whether this was as simple as today. I later learned a variant of DevOps was required by law to ratify simulation and space technology. I felt like appearing as a meditator to future simulants was a treat for each other because meditation made the simulation and space travel safer.
13. The simulant taught spiritual medicine in thought on the tram. I took notice of local ways and took care of mentioning physical childbirth, for example. I expected that gays could go through life without worrying about the trials and tribulations of having children and focused on writing computational philosophy. I was surprised that my algorithms (almost) became obsolete when neuronetworks became popular, and I thought my algorithms were a historical record. I became cognisant of the importance of teaching meditation and breasonings.
14. The simulant avoided mistakes and accidents with the help of the universal translator. I noticed that an intelligence, not the universe, designed the universal translator. I didn't need the universal translator to converse with a time traveller who was a medicine student I met while he was waitering before I became a simulant and taught him meditation. This knowledge would hopefully have made sense to him about time travel and medicine. I decided to be aware of the smartest intelligence about the simulation and admired the universal translator and its respective parts, including help with thoughts and integration with immortality.
15. The simulant wrote the spiritual software and any updates integrated with mediation and the future. I noticed that the latest changes to the language propagated through the system. On a separate topic, I felt that my thoughts about programming and writing had flow-on effects for future (and past) writing. I could remember and think clearly (partially with the help of my medication), and the simulation was a better setting to live in. The universal translator and the feeling of support (which unusually made me feel like slowing down, not speeding up) helped me carefully write thoughts, also with the help of my Grammar-Logic mind-mapping tool, which I wrote before becoming a simulation.
16. The simulant realised that if he spoke, it would be a modern character talking about ancient arts. I noticed that the universal translator translated the current, not past or future forms of the language. In reality, I noticed the system represented the thoughts and appearance of people in a way that was true to themselves, and I felt safe and sound about avoiding risks. I wondered whether the system conveyed a girl's possibly rude description of the universe as a \"unit\", making fun of breasonings. Possibly, I was the one who needed to realise that this was the correct name of the universe, that breasonings were still prevalent, and that I was an excellent person to meet. I wondered if her parents hoped our meeting helped her catch on to breasonings.

17. I noticed that the language was specific to the person at the time.
18. One time I remember someone making what sounded like a grammatical error in English.
19. I wondered whether the error was on purpose, to suggest the person was speaking informally, or whether they had no counterpart in their language.
20. I was aware that breasoned out thoughts thought of while speaking were translated.
21. I was aware back-translation might improve the quality of text to be translated.
22. I acknowledged the person speaking.
23. I was worried about a lingua franca (a blend of languages) getting lost in translation.
24. I chose the idea of a language to teach and taught it to the person while time travelling.
25. I worried about object names changing (for example, talking about a tram as an intergalactic ship).
26. I left the details of space travel to the captain.
27. I drew the object that I had referred to, and realised that it had been translated or edited out.
28. I earned the award for the universal translator software increasing thoughts where necessary.
29. I noticed that the writer of the universal translator had researched languages from both times and that transgressions had been edited out.
30. I avoided saying anything unnecessary to be translated.
31. From my understanding, both some ideas could be quickly computed, and I shouldn't rely on difficult things or make mistakes.
32. My research was the equivalent of a Prolog algorithm, for example, travelling to the city and back.
33. I contemplated visiting the giants, at the best times, and researched their languages (which would be translated).
34. I was unsure whether the universal translator existed, because I was speaking to people in English and overheard someone talk in Chinese, so why would the universal translator choose one language to be translated into English over another?
35. I also wondered whether the universal translator existed because the people seemed to have English accents.
36. I thought the universal translator existed because I heard someone mention a country name that I recognised, when it was so far in the future (assuming time travel had worked).
37. I noticed that voids were knowledge-filled with the help of the universal translator, for example, I could make philosophical connections easily while time travelling.
38. I wondered whether the universal translator had a tabling feature that saved common translations.
39. I agreed with the authenticity (necessity) of the universal translator.
40. I queried whether the universal translator was natural if it was man-made, and then realised breasonings, universes may be man-made.
41. I didn't notice the universal translator when speaking with someone.
42. I noticed the technology got me safely home when the universal translator had skipped some data (like time travel worked with meditation).
43. I thought that the simulation was the most complex algorithm, followed by time travel and replication, universal translation, then mind reading and an internet browser.
44. The universal translator gave a signal to exit, for example when the conversation had finished.
45. The universal translator gave a signal to start a conversation, for example to remind the people to pick up dropped clothing.
46. The universal translator encouraged the conversation to be about knowledge in the intersection of the participants, i.e. mentioning the angles of a polyhedron, could be calculated using the mathematics of the day.
47. The time travelling student only experienced content from their home time, no transgressions of knowledge.
48. The universal translator both helped the conversants to think of, and breason out the objects they mentioned.
49. The time traveller and the bot cloning his movements in his home time experienced the same type of thing as usual - the home bot didn't need the universal translator and the time traveller experienced universally translated intersectional knowledge, perhaps the home bot experienced a reality with bots representing the people the time traveller experienced, in terms of people from the home time.
50. Repeating or going on to the next step in the conversation was represented, edited out or added by the universal translator.
51. Memories of previous parts of the conversation were maintained by the universal translator.
52. There was a free car inserted by the simulation matching one in the home time, mentioned by the universal translator.
53. The idea of a single universe was scorned, and the robot government accounted for all universes, as represented by the universal translator.
54. The people experienced life and objects subjectively, branching out to value the realism of others' lives with their own.
55. The time traveller showed an interest in future history, survival and time travel as a life-saving device.
56. after tempold
"]