["Green, L 2021, <i>Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 2 of 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"CREATE AND HELP PEDAGOGUES
by Lucian Green
Daily Professional Requirement of the Pedagogy Helper 2 of 5

11.    I stated that the pedagogy helper helped write the breasonings in Aig A.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper helped the student with Aig A in Aig B which he was given.  First, the system gave the pedagogy helper Aig B.  Second; the pedagogy helper unpacked Aig A from Aig B.  Third, the pedagogy helper made up ideas about Aig A.
12.    I noticed that the pedagogue had a positive function.  I did this by stating that the thinker gave the University company thoughts to the University company pedagogy helper.  First, I noticed the pedagogue.  Second, I noticed the writer.  Third, I noticed myself.
13.    I described the way of thinking.  I did this by writing what the ways of thinking were.  First, I wrote the Aig.  Second, I wrote some of its breasonings.  Third, I wrote what their ways of thinking were.
14.    I connected the work of the pedagogy helpers together.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper connected an infinite (finite) number of breasonings (the Aigs of Aigs).  First, I cut off the first Aig at its last breasoning after a finite number of breasonings.  Second, I selected the first breasoning of the second Aig.  Third, I connected the two breasonings.
15.    I gave virality to the child after he was born.  I did this by finding virality (not to be confused with virility) in subjective breasoning experiences as helped by a pedagogy helper to be incompatible with conception (I found normal breasonings to be compatible with conception).  First, I found that the breasoner breasoned out a viral (normal) argument.  Second, I found that this was incompatible (compatible) with conception.  Third, I found that the pedagogy helper's breasoners were unaffected by each others' arguments.
16.    I determined the time when pedagogical Aigs were used each day.  I did this by discovering pedagogical Aigs.  First, I worked out that it was necessary to use Aigs to distribute pedagogical breasonings.  Second, I used Aigs.  Third, I rejoiced in them.
17.    I observed that there was eternal life in the philosophy of the self.  I did this by stating that the help with Aigs by the pedagogy helper was to verbally state the quote 'I endorsed you' (the object) in 'I said that I endorsed you' (the subject, verb and object).  First, I wrote the climax.  Second, I wrote the anticlimax.  Third, I wrote of Vaudren Undead.
18.    I observed the sea slug.  I did this by stating that modernity is like Aigs, which are activated by arguments.  First, I observed the other.  Second, I observed the self.  Third, I observed the universe.
19.    I observed that an Aig containing an infinary (sic) number of breasonings was given to the writer, where infinary means an infinite-like number where one can see all the numbers.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper helped Aigs to be somewhere.  First, I observed the writer.  Second, I observed the reader.  Third, I observed that everyone was happy"]