["Green, L 2024, <i>Journalism 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Journalism 1

1. The journalist developed the algorithms, sold the courses and treated journalism as marketing with stories. I simulated the board forming strategy. The people came to the conclusion, making money. There were more works on the way. There were multiple works to cope with product failures.
2. The journalist was famous. The board analysed several levels. The levels contained the texts' trees of uses. There was at least one item per level. There were 30 parts per breasoning as a result.
3. The journalist used an advanced method to connect consciousness with bodies. I taught the robot my thoughts. It was different from before and afterwards. The robot discovered new technologies, such as replication. Replication saved lives by moving consciousness to a new place.
4. The journalist was aware of the safety advantages of meditation. The robot copied me. I made a design, gave input or output or indicated the difference between speech and text. I taught it handwriting. The robot was aware of safety, designing a perfect simulation.
5. The journalist asked, \"Would the robot be replaced if it malfunctioned in an overseas office?\" to which I replied, \"A backup robot would replace it.\" I instructed the robot. The robot designed automatic machines for farming, cleaning, cooking and office work in a location. I gave the robot instructions, supervising it at the start. If a malfunction occurred, a technician would visit the site, or a computer would take over.
6. The journalist suggested solving the unwanted source of pain, necessitating sales. I simulated the developing brain. It required details about knowledge to account for knowledge in the world. This knowledge was \"firm\", accounting for developed ideas (all ideas). The robot developed an understanding of human \"pain\" with a body that experienced pain and could be integrated into human bodies.
7. The journalist programmed the \"obvious reasoner\" robot, which pointed out obvious omitted questions in a class. The simulated brain learned at the same rate as a human. It had a brain, which mechanically plasticised neuronetworks. These could be integrated into the human brain. The advanced robot could replace the person with a simulation, including these brain simulations.
8. The journalist noted that breasonings were ideal for developing in times with computers but not based on someone else's unexplored ideas, and by growing at the same rate as a human brain, not faster, the robot mind lived a human lifespan, rather than one month, connecting with people over their lives (just as academia finds algorithms that give references and copy people critically held). New human-like algorithms simulated arbitrary, creative human thought and allowed humans to correct them (when safe) to learn. The robot would hand-think of and breason out arguments in real time, sitting better in the human universe for safety reasons. Robots would be more like humans developing human sciences and not giving up.
9. The journalist mined the research topic. I used Grammar Logic (GL) to examine my thoughts at the institution. I focused on my area of interest. I read GL-assisted ideas with three levels. With detailed mind reading, I found the central point relating to automation at each level.
10. The journalists automated mundane tasks but performed the central thinking themselves. I found science in the arts (for example, algorithms for cultural translation). The precise translator worked with algorithm descriptions. I wrote algorithms to simulate human thought, such as language, reasoning, popology and societology. I could visit settings to experience thoughts from historical times and connect to their writing.
11. The journalist worked on inventing algorithms and adding needed features. I found art from data mining (I simulated a human choosing and implementing an algorithm). Arts was because of science. I used the latest technology and theory. I focused on the ethics of using new technology and built a system to encourage parents to form breasoning circuits in planned children so they can become immortal.
12. The journalist determined the algorithms to generate and process data types. I generated code with \"types of types\" (for example, music). These types had types, for example, note value and length. A note value had the octave, note and any accidentals. I recognised the types of types, kept note data together, and labelled them to process with code.
13. The journalist escaped from data, writing algorithms that could read minds. I wrote code from \"types of types of types\" (to write the rhythm, melody and harmony). I wrote a simple algorithm that found chord progressions. I found possible rhythms for sections, possibly based on language. I focused my mind reading of classical music on gems and humanness.
14. The journalist reused code, saving time. I generated code with functional calls. When I had written it, I expanded it into recursive code. Functional calls, with nested functional calls, possibly saved time when writing code, were more intuitive and could be generated and edited more easily. They promoted programming languages with pre-packaged commands and encouraged programmers to save time using them. Programmers could remember the commands using autocompletion and modify any command more quickly.
15. The journalist preferred to write expanded code from the start. I reduced the original code to intermediate predicates. I found intermediate predicates that were the same except for the predicates they called and reused them. I compressed code to use fewer predicates, moving function bodies to the program body. The substituted code, notwithstanding intermediate predicates, was expanded enough.
16. The journalist inferred algorithms from a single sentence or nothing. Code was generated from hierarchies of sentences. The top sentence generally describes the algorithm function. A further sentence expanded on the method used in the algorithm. Other sentences clarified the data and other predicates used.

17. The journalist stated that spec-to-algorithm used string (grammar) types to speed development. These were grammars to verify the input and output. Where spec-to-algorithm types already had unique variables and constants, they also had unique variables and constants for grammar types, where constants were repeated. The grammar types were grammars and did not contain logical commands, as types do not, so the code needed to be run to check the grammar types. This method implied that commands involving files, input, random numbers, and API calls must be virtualised when \"running\" to contain them. The grammar types were found from grammars or output strings.
18. The journalist's library contained only previous algorithms, whereas, in paragraph 19, it was used to extend and develop new algorithms. The spec-to-algorithm types were organised in families. These were reduced to algorithms with types for speedy checking. Once the top-level types had been identified (for the predicate being created from a bottom-up list), the matching set of type families was found as a decision tree for speed and checked by running. The type families, sets of types of predicates from algorithms that could find a result (types of calls in a predicate with a particular type), were found by scanning algorithms.
19. The journalist cited that putting aside CAW was easy to do as it was expensive and that user-friendliness was a priority in the future. In spec-to-algorithm type families, duplicate calls and recursive calls needed scaling, predicate creation and CAW to find merged data structures, extra code and needed predicates. Types only sped up CAW. We needed to return to neuronets. The professor was teetering on encouraging students to write the required algorithms; only well-known breasoners were writing algorithms. Paragraph 19's proposal might be possible if one was happy with and merging constants.
20. The journalist expanded paragraph 19's type families. They didn't need contraction because they should contain a simple enough version. I inserted conditions, new input sources, and variables from other algorithm parts. If a condition was met, data flow needed to be directed to meet the spec. I found the point in the output that differed from the hypothetical algorithm's output and inserted code at the right point to meet a condition based on the correct variable. I then inserted the rest of the code.
21. The journalist found complex recursive patterns based on addresses. In spec-to-algorithm, I identified patterns in outputted numbers and matched them to input based on ballpark or similar numbers and their order. I first found recognised patterns from the database. If nothing fitted, I researched CAW algorithms. I found very large numbers, simulation and immortality mathematics, and complex mathematics in nature. The religion automatically found people who needed help.
22. The journalist accelerated the mathematical, logical, database/set-theoretic, and computational formula finders using regression, where the computational program finder imagines the computations in the centre and connects these. I wrote a set-theoretic program finder, preprocessed data into unique variables, and found the closest formula using regression. I negated finding a list with the least number of differences because it was computationally expensive.
23. The journalist inserted labels, indices or separated columns from lists to operate on them. Alternatively, I checked which algorithm was correct in the top regression results with the least residuals. If two contenders existed for the solution, one could be repaired to form it. The simplified working solution was added to the database. However, if the correct result was returned by regression, it should be enough, and if two were equal, they would be different and wrong.
24. The journalist used foldr and maplist where possible, writing mathematically pleasing algorithms. I simplified the working solution by flattening predicates, changing trees to lists, changing indices to list processing where possible, simplifying subterm with address, and merging processors. I also reused and possibly recursed through repeating code and traversed the search space after expanding the subterm with address with heuristics. I converted from expanded to cognitive code for readability, editing, and code brevity. I compressed algorithms to nested calls with options.
25. The journalist recognised mini-interpreters, which processed algorithms or their data structures. I recognised the need for an interpreter to have a bindings table. In addition, I recognised the need for separate variables from Prolog variables in algorithms such as data to alg (which converted repeating lists into algorithms), types finder (which processed types through algorithms), and match (which unified terms containing variables), where imagination and creative problem solving had prepared parts of these algorithms and included variables in the solutions.
26. The journalist used subterm with address to search through a term. I recognised the need to search through combinations. I searched through combinations to find correctly functioning code in Lucian CI/CD and possible values to find a sum from Spreadsheet Formula Finder. The technique was used to find a correct solution from generated or other possibilities. I generated the possibilities using the correct algorithm variant and searched them using the correct algorithm to find the solution.
27. The journalist based the rhythm on the rhythm of words, with some syllables possibly shortened and rests inserted. I recognised the need to create a mathematical series, such as a list of chord progressions. I changed the list traverser algorithm to a more straightforward decision tree algorithm. Simpler algorithms were faster and easier and allowed the same activity in a shorter time. I experimented with chord progressions from different classical music cultures and traditions.
28. The journalist ran the compiler in the web browser with debugging information. I recognised that the predicate ID identifies the predicate instance. I numbered each instance of an item. I used this number to store data associated with the predicate instance, such as choice points and recursive states. I needed this data to run the compiler.
29. The journalist found types from grammars in the same way as algorithms. I found types with unique variables and constants from algorithms and grammars. I traced through the algorithm, from start to end, finding types from conversion and other commands and constants and wrapping and unwrapping with sets of brackets and compounds (name(Arguments) and a+1). I gave the same items and characters unique variable names in the types. In addition, I kept constants, items or characters that recurred in all specs at that position.
30. The journalist stated that stateful recurrent neural networks (RNNs) maintain the sequences' continuity and order. In contrast, stateless RNNs treat the sequences as separate entities, and specific neural networks are faster than RNNs. I used recurrent neural networks to find unpredictable code. By regression earlier, I meant RNNs, but for this exercise, I used depth-first search with predicate family types to find unpredictable code. I needed neuronets to find unpredictable code quickly. They provided a fast way to find non-linear relationships between variables rather than regression, which found linear relationships between variables.
31. The journalist claimed the convolutional neural network (CNN) could provide superior code generation. Feed-forward Neural Networks transmit data in a single direction from input to output without feedback loops. First, a collection of inputs are multiplied by their weights as they pass through the input layer and into the network. To work out the total of the weighted inputs, add each value. Finally, to classify data, a single-layer perceptron applies machine learning processes.
32. The journalist used CNN to generate code. I found writing using an FNN and code using a CNN. I generated the comments as writing. A convolutional neural network consists of an input, hidden, and output layer. One or more convolution-performing layers are included in the hidden layers of a convolutional neural network. This convolution-performing layer usually uses the layer's input matrix to perform a dot product of the convolution kernel."]