Immortal world equals real world - I feel good

(Move to gh/la when finished.)

Use Grammarly Premium:

1. I wrote the content management system with SSI.  I could dole out editing status.  It was Web Editor.  It was able to be downloaded and edited.  It was online for all to see and I could back it up, and revert to any version.
2. I managed the project with SSI.  Everyone could see all task statuses on one page.  Everyone and everything needed to be perfect.  Each task needed to be differentiated into different functions (to put together) to maintain simplicity.  I noticed code that could be inserted to show common elements and recommended web site structures, such as mind-mapping and delegation.
3. I wrote task lists with SSI.  I mind-read the algorithm specification to use from my philosophy.  I wrote 5 algorithms per day.  I could generate documentation with SSI.  The documentation described the algorithm and input and output.
4. The website (the database and viewer files) was stored off-line, and updated using a tool.  I designed the interface with SSI.  I could bulk process web pages by editing their common elements.  I could move, comment out or use a database to display content.  The database was a series of text files with current files having needed labels.
5. I could move content between programs, and wrote an algorithm that formatted text in columns.  I wrote the Word Processor in SSI.  I entered the List Formatting Language (LFL) text.  I spell checked it.  I inserted the table using LFL.
6. I formatted the report, web page or email using the spreadsheet.  I wrote a spreadsheet in SSI.  It could map data from horizontal and vertical and back.  It could use formula finder to achieve an aim.  I drew the (radial) graph, automatically.
7. I wrote the interactive software as a presentation, then converted it to a program (which users could modify).  I wrote the presentation software in SSI.  I moved forward or back using arrows or a mouse button on web pages.  It could run programs on the web pages.  It demo'd software prototypes in SSI.
8. I edited and viewed the reports and data.  I wrote the database in SSI.  I ordered asking for particular fields.  I could auto-populate data using an algorithm.  I used database formula finder to, for example find that certain columns intersected in the formula.
9. The program automatically wrote emails at the right time.  I wrote the email program in SSI.  It sent and received messages.  It encrypted messages.  It automatically replied, sorted messages and took actions.
10. The course could be programmed, and students could be tested on understanding the algorithms.  I wrote online courses in SSI.  I changed the content management system to a learning management system.  I taught about SSI using itself (its algorithms).  I taught about developing an information phone, which users could copy and download text and documents from.
11. I automated tasks using SSI.  I wrote the algorithm to run at a certain time of day.  I automated daily tasks.  I edited the scheduled tasks, to be run by Prolog.  For example, I moved the automated tasks to and changed them to multi-threaded on my computer.
12. I could almost "time-travel" using the calendar.  I wrote the calendar in SSI.  It linked to automation and automatically opened chat meetings.  It sent reminder emails or triggered alarms.  I could also plan events millenia later.
13. I saved the best music, reminding me of my work highlights.  I wrote the work music app using SSI.  The music was chosen from a list to match the time of day or task.  Or, it was composed while the user worked.  It might play music when appropriate (at the end) and stop playing it when there was an activity which shouldn't be interrupted.
14. I gained money and information technology resources to start a company.  I wrote a secure app in SSI.  The app couldn't be hacked through the web, i.e. it couldn't access others' information if it crashed.  Also, it couldn't be hacked as if a user had paid when they hadn't.  The user's path through the app was private and couldn't be tracked.
15. I could ask a user to test algorithms by entering data and asking if there was other data it should process.  I tested the product with SSI.  I asked for feedback after each page or group of pages.  Sometimes, I asked for feedback after one idea on a page.  Occasionally, the users could customise elements of the algorithm (for example, skip a question if ...).
16. I customised the product with SSI.  I could add retry to SSI.  Then, I could retry an oddly behaving predicate and change it.  SSI Web Service made the algorithm more accessible via the web, and allowed feedback that could change into a customisation (collapsing and expanding a trace view).   I viewed changed data in a customised app in a text file to test changes to the app.
