Immortality 30

I transitioned to eternal life.

1. The immortal recommended meditation. I checked I had what I needed. I felt well mentally. I had the prerequisite pedagogy. I was strong in wealth.
2. The immortal listened to guide tracks and wrote algorithms to help write more arguments. I planned what I would do. I calculated the extent of my philosophy. I kept writing. I wrote exercises and new ideas.
3. The immortal wrote an algorithm that found which program finder to use. I replaced CAW and neuronetworks with program finders. I listed the pre-written algorithms. I wrote and detected options for them. The options enabled feature modules.
4. The immortal was honourable, collecting full breasonings for business. I lived and travelled each day. Travelling was necessary for results. I saw people, breasoned out breasonings and remained healthy. I recognised and got to know people, some of whom were from my time.
5. The immortal remained fully functioning in education. I enrolled in education during my life. I chose business. I worked on my business. It was important to start.
6. The immortal chose 4*50 As instead of nothingness. I practised single pointedness in meditation. Single-pointedness meant daily meditation. I replaced my body just before leaving, in a new time and in the old time. I breasoned out 4*50 As for meditation, time travel and age-freezing medicine using BAG (breasoning algorithm generator).
7. The immortal was content and purposeful. I stretched and kept my body supple. I practised yoga and qigong daily. I went for daily walks. I rested each day.
8. The immortal had superlative conduct and the work was rigorous. I was fair and understanding. I listened to the comment, feedback or question. I identified whether the customer needed help completing a task, whether the system needed to be interacted with or whether to get help. I improived the way of helping, the system and the information library.
9. The immortal had enough to keep going. I had As for the origin of consciousness. I wrote on classic ideas, or ideas that remained demanded and were written originally. In the meantime, I practised mind reading myself and developing systems. I made a computer science group work system and projects original to the academy.
10. The immortal's philosophy was web, MIDI and shells. I developed office software, a sound sequencer and a movie rigs. The office software could mind read input. The sound sequencer could mind read input. And the movie making rig could mind read input.
11. The immortal stated that a multiple window (terminal or web) app could be converted to a single window. I wrote a multiple-window terminal app. It could be converted to a web app. Each window had its own algorithm. They communicated using the hard disk, and responded to each other.
12. The immortal mind read and completed qualifications spiritually. I delisted, ranked in priority and bulk processed necessary tasks. These could be moved to the server or a smartphone. I completed tasks to support students. The main thoughts had always been done.
13. The immortal stayed there with an A. I completed three things, then completed the role-play and helped with moral completion. I knew the answers, and felt comfortable emoting (sic) them. There was enough pedagogy from before. I added new ideas to the pedagogy.
14. The immortal wrote the questions and responses. I simulated my academy. I had conversations with the chatbot from perspectives about easy, middle-range nad difficult questions about my lecture. There were found-out algorithms and pitfalls. The seen-as version was a setting from a text adventure game, in which skills needed to be collected and puzzles completed.
15. The immortal swapped computer science and philosophy, but thought both could be computer science. I predicted conversations while book selling and helping students with algorithms. I found what hooked potential buyers, and had conversations with them about my philosophy. I found common questions and helped programming students with enough thoughts to continue (in seen-as and difficulty-solving ways). In other words, I prayed and worked.
16. The immortal gave the example of Lucian CI/CD, which took the best of the current and previous versions of an algorithm, also suggesting using type and test finders and program finders to complete code. Philosophy helped analyse the thing-in-itself (the noumenon), abstract ideas espousing superior thinking skills and the ability to think generally and inspiringly. I wrote the best algorithms. The students wrote their version and the history and philosophy of science of them. The history and philosophy of science of algorithms cut the theory to the essence and applied the most intelligent perspectives to it.

I transitioned to eternal life by finding 4*50 As.

17. The immortal stated that 4*50 As were the gateway to results. I wrote many books. I wrote Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG). BAG interpreted the As, which I felt confident related to new ideas. I wrote the systems, and updated the content.
18. The immortal noticed that meditation smoothed their way and increased it. I performed the tasks on my side to maintain immortality. I studied, stayed supple, took no risks with my health, wrote, replaced my body and meditated. In return, the kind people provided the simulation, medicine and protection in the simulation with meditation. I did my part at home and there were slight differences from my home time, such as meeting new people.
19. The immortal took care of themself in the simulation. I kept a journal of the small differences I noticed while in the simulation. A duck appeared to be alright after almost being attacked. Accidents could be avoided. By staying relaxed I avoided injury.
20. The immortal espoused the advantages of breasonings and educational advancement. I made friends and talked with people. I went for walks. I saw people and helped them with the simulation. I sold signed copies of my book with an insert with the link to my immortality software.
21. The immortal examined themselves and others in medicine. I emphasised 4*50 anti-ageing medicine, meditation and time travel As per dimension per day. I boosted the As for the location I was leaving at the start of the day. I emphasised As to keep both the outer-home self and future self young. Visiting the simulation and indicating As kept the actual self young, but home As kept the self immortal to one's home time.
22. The immortal revisited learning about breasonings. I wrote 80-breasoning As, but didn't want to go grey waiting to finish 4*50 As. I studied computer science and philosophy. These majors helped detail the 4*50 As, and creative writing and education courses helped. I wrote BAG, which inspired and met these requirements. 
23. The immortal described how arguments and algorithms led to further ones. After study, I earned jobs at the meditation company and as an actor on the screen. I started a pedagogy club at the school (starting with no attendees). I learned how to indicate breasonings after an education course. I wrote arguments, which gave me the confidence to write longer arguments.
24. The immortal studied and wrote on departments. I wrote 80, 130 and 250 breasonings for A, A+ and 100% (in impression). I wrote 250 breasonings as a symbol of 4*50 As. I controlled and helped my health with 250 medicine quantum box breasonings (stopping unwanted appearances, muscle aches and headaches). Writing 250 breasonings gave me the confidence to write 50 As, and these gave my the confidence to write 4*50 As.
25. The immortal stated that inductively finding new algorithm was akin to creativity, their argument for Theology. I wrote interpreter and Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) 50 As after writing Computational English, Pedagogy and Meditation 50 As. It was vital that the breasonings were vegetarian and that the person led a healthy lifestyle. I wrote on the interpreter as part of Popology. In addition, I wrote on CAW in Theology.
26. The immortal found original algorithms, and solved problems in a unique way. I wrote algorithms from first principles, based on writing algorithms from the ground-up, wrote on induction, new ideas that occurred to me about program finders. My current interest is writing types to test finders, and using them to write algorithms. I wrote a depth-first post-order traversal algorithm to prepare for the find dependencies algorithm in Lucian CI/CD and algorithm type analysis. In addition, I converted the descendent algorithm to Prolog (like C), running it on an earlier version of the interpreter.
27. The immortal took notes and gathered the highest quality sources to inspire creativity. Graduating and professional development enabled me to write creatively. I wrote original ideas. I wrote more original ideas, which my algorithms led to. I synthesised my text three times to exhaust the details.
28. The immortal recommended pedagogy helper, recordings and medicine/pedagogy (delegate workloads) arguments. I thought of lateral connections from a book of theories and algorithm descriptions that texts suggested. I took notes but didn't write arguments or long algorithms during my degree. When I graduated (and before, when I wrote distinct algorithms) I wrote longer, connected arguments. I worked out the way to write without helpers and methods to write arguments.
29. The immortal generated texts that strongly indicated ideas in music and philosophy details. I wrote on logic even though I studied moral philosophy. I extrapolated and expanded the details I thought of. I developed a specialisation on induction. I wrote content that could be searched for using other algorithms I wrote.
30. The immortal found seen-as version for philosophies with art, and more memorable songs. Songs indicated other songs, characters and philosophical ideas. They indirectly or directly indicated algorithms and arguments. I wrote a song about an algorithm. Or, songs evoked unusual settings or stories.
31. The immortal investigated links between lyrics and better songs, but it was arbitrary. I listened to the song. I kept songs with memorable instruments. In addition, I kept songs with memorable melodies. And I kept songs with striking harmonies.
32. The immortal created visual art. I endeavoured to write good songs for all algorithms I wrote. If one song was not memorable, I wrote another. I associated songs with objects good parts of other songs or other mind-read highlights. These highlights included thoughts, listeners and new algorithms.

I found meditation.

33. The immortal reordered code with Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW), optimised code and found tests with types. I tested, refactored and used simulated intelligence to write algorithms with Lucian CI/CD (as part of meditation in immortality). I tested the algorithm. In addition, I found different combinations of commands (refactored) the algorithm. Moreover, I found missing code with simulated intelligence.
34. The immortal removed or completed singleton types. I found tests with types, finding missing types (of new predicates) to write code with tests. If needed types were missing, I wrote completely new code, linked to existing code or simplified code to avoid the need for them. I found the types of the commands and predicates, finding types bottom-up notwithstanding dynamic predicates, (where finding types replaced testing), where dynamic predicates had a structure determined earlier, so types were found top-down from dynamic predicate definition to use. I found predictable patterns in types and identified unpredictable types (which relied on non-pattern-matching code).
35. The immortal found combinations of unpredictable code (such as decision trees, search or sort algorithms) with program finders. If needed types were missing, I wrote completely new code. I wrote a new command to bridge gaps in unpredictable code. For example, I used subterm with address to avoid the need for a new predicate and find subterms to process with findall and substitute back. I customised subterm with address to work with different types of brackets, "|" (the pipe symbol) and I allowed for labels.
36. The immortal attempted to write a long program in one predicate, using advanced commands. If needed types were missing, I linked to existing code. I checked existing code for applicability to join needed types. I mixed new and existing code. I modified existing code to change functionality under different conditions.
37. The immortal simplified code around the missing types or the existing predicates. If needed types were missing, I simplified code to avoid the need for them. I modified existing code to fit missing types by simplifying it. For example, I simplified subterm with address to a simpler predicate. In addition, I noted subterm with address could be simplified when the data was non multi-dimensional.
38. The immortal reordered code. I checked for careless errors in types and reordered statements accordingly. I identified the types of the first statement. Then I did the same for the second statement. If they worked when swapped over, I swapped them.
39. The immortal gave the code giving the data, given conditions about the input. I wrote code with CAW. I listed the code so far. I specified the predicate's input and output. Usually a chunk of code was of a single kind, so I used a program finder with options to fill in the code.
40. The immortal used a wide definition to, for example, recognise grammars, and used options with this rather than new code each time, to reuse, then simplified the code. I optimised code. I went for the big critique. I started with the algorithm's input and output. I simplified predictable and unpredictable variables, where predictable variables could be predicted in output from input and unpredictable ones couldn't.
41. The immortal simplified the general code. I removed unused variables, also in the data. I simplified to pattern types and formulas. These were variables with types in place of strings, numbers or parts of these. I determined the correlations between the variables, and found the minimum to produce the required code.
42. The immortal recognised the creation of new data, for example in check arguments in the interpreter. I found the correlation between the variables. I used CAW. Among the unpredictable variables, I narrowed down to search, sort or an external algorithm with program finder. I filled in unknown variables with creative CAW, but leant towards program finder.
43. The immortal found errors more quickly using types, which found tests for Lucian CI/CD, which simplified code. I found tests with types. The interpreter could compute the algorithm's output using the types with formulas of its input and output. I wrote new tests exhausting the main types for the algorithm. The types helped find and fix non-working code.
44. The immortal used types to warn and help the user correct bugs. I tested algorithms with Lucian CI/CD. I could run the algorithm with an interpreter and collect tests. Or, I could find tests from types. The former allowed testing while the latter allowed debugging.
45. The immortal programmed Lucian CI/CD to ask the user for clarification whether a feature was intended, and to provide a spec (if the programming language needed it, in which case, it included it as a top-level module). Lucian CI/CD could isolate predicates that didn't meet tests and rewrite them with tests from surrounding types. The philosophy was to fulfil as many initiated features as possible, with type corrections to complete these. Features that didn't lead anywhere or were optional could (such as debugging features in a compiler) be switched off. Lucian CI/CD could simulate file input and output with data to test.
46. The immortal selected options to test the algorithm with using mind reading. I refactored the code using Lucian CI/CD. Both versions of the algorithm being tested with Lucian CI/CD satisfied the tests. I found the minimal algorithm from parts of the two versions that met the second set version's tests. I could simplify code further using simulated intelligence.
47. The immortal tested programs using bots in the simulation. I used simulated intelligence to write algorithms. I used labels to process lists of lists with subterm with address. I determined whether parts of algorithm were likely to be used using mind reading input. I brought forward plans relevant to a decision using knowledge-time travel.
48. The immortal found out the bug fix in the simulation. As time continued, I archived features and simplified software. I simplified the method of reinstalling modules. I designed the software to be compatible with the simulation and space travel. These didn't exist in my home time, but I kept the software efficient and error-free.

