Immortality 18 - I could help more people become immortal.

1. CAW finds all combinations of commands that can produce a result from the input. I used an algorithm to check if the user had used the Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW). Unfortunately, CAW currently doesn't support findall or if-then, so code with these constructs generally wouldn't have been written using CAW. (For various reasons, findall shouldn't be used in optimised code. However, the user can express if-then as a series of clauses.)  
2. I agreed with helping with moderately tricky questions because they were sometimes harder to visualise. CAW has previously found unusual results which are counter-intuitive or unoptimised. In a similar program, the formula finder finds results in different orders on different machines, i.e. [a,[b,[c,[d]]]] or [[a,b],[c,d]]. The programmer can use CAW outputted algorithms as neuronetwork data, which are slow to train but quick to run. PFT is preferable to CAW for simple pattern matching but not for unpredictable, recursively called commands.
3. I decided in favour of if-then rather than top-level. I used an algorithm to check if a user had used the interpreter. The interpreter takes an algorithm and input and finds the result. An interpreter keeps the syntax of a particular programming language. The data can determine the features and correctness of the interpreter processing it.
4. If-then could be converted to multiple clauses, even with verification guards, and then to a fast language such as C, with the algorithm processing lists using a for-loop. If-then shouldn't destroy choice points; in my implementation, it doesn't. Append1 (the same as append) works forward and backwards and with multiple list items. Append1 works in SWI-Prolog, but not List Prolog Interpreter. If-then, not relying on choice points in SSI, works.
5. I used an algorithm to check whether the user used the interpreter algorithms. I could run simple tests on the interpreter's features. These algorithms tested findall, types, functionalism, equals4 and grammar, among other things. If an algorithm used these features only and used similar data formats, then it could have been run by the interpreter. I could also check whether the logical structures in these algorithms were identical.
6. I could accept input or produce output in different formats. I included options to run with algorithms and documentation this involved. For example, I included reflection, rotation, scaling or shearing in font rendering. In the music composition algorithm, I included an instant-runner shortcut or smartphone app if the user wanted to record their emotions in song form. The student may require music theory and composition knowledge before mind-reading composition and post-production skills afterwards.
7. Is flip like associated variable migration? I wrote program finders for the algorithms that I had written. I allowed the customisation of design decisions with text files containing configurations. I simplified the programming language producing these programs by using the string algorithm to list for files and using the repeating list data structure format. It reminded me of the LogoWriter programming language.
8. I joked that the young-adult students' memories and ideas would need to be clear in their minds when they flipped the Logo page to write their programs. Perhaps they wrote on their hands or scrap of paper in their minds. This thought process could have reinforced their memory, and spatial imagination skills and a teacher may have assessed it. Following this, the students may have consolidated their Logo knowledge with the repeated lists of List Prolog and designed a decision tree. The algorithm would find the algorithm from the data, whereas writing the inductive algorithm is more advanced.
9. I found graphical features such as an ice cream cone's diagonal grid appealing in the icon editor. I wrote graphical user interfaces for the algorithms. I wrote the GUI-editor base program in SSI. It required multiple buttons and graphic elements and possibly disallowed pressing the browser's "back" button; instead, users should click on screen controls, and the algorithm should automatically save work. In addition, SSI contained commands containing Javascript elements.
10. I calculated how much the program returned from the original investment. I helped ensure that an algorithm could be commercially viable. It contained save and load buttons. Also, it allowed customisation to the features and for students to create exceptional work. The algorithm needed to be crash-free and secure, and simple yet compatible.
11. I wrote a chatbot with text, algorithm, song and picture. This algorithm produced essays with the essay format, paraphrasing and connections. Also, it made algorithms using PFT. In addition, it made songs using music composer, with different genres in a meditation style. Finally, it created visual art which contained bitmap stamps and could be games.
12. I wrote biographies for myself as an actor, singer, computer scientist and philosopher. I listed my plays. I also listed my songs. In addition, I listed my algorithms. Finally, I listed my books.
13. I wrote texts on philosophy and assessed students writing on them. I assessed students in my academy on my songs, plays and algorithms. I needed insight in my career. Students could write philosophy essays on my songs. Or they could philosophy essays on my plays. Finally, they could write philosophical essays on my algorithms (their method, use, and future research).
14. I wrote an algorithm tracing logins, with backups of this log, and notifications of logins to users so that users could report suspicious logins. I wrote a security algorithm to prevent an object from being stolen. First, I locked the thing in a box, which no one could remove from the premises. Second, I kept the key in a safe, separate place. Finally, if the object was in digital information, I increased my options if someone stole it and traced commands and locations where someone could steal it.
15. The crystals were like the Upanisads, focused on customers. I bridged the unknown in sales. I found the gaps between points of the buying process and increased the As between them, often specifically for a client. I included a magical data icon at one point. The company assured prospective customers that they had backed up their unfinished sale and could return anytime.
16. The obvious algorithm was positive and easy to understand and translate. I wrote the label on the gem to bulk-process my algorithms. I kept on expanding the breasdostonings 1-2-3 algorithm until I hit obviousness. This process clarified the unit and its movement and helped develop simplified and group algorithms. There may be levels of complexity with different numbers of expansions.
17. I preferred non-head-collapsed Prolog, including if-then to explain code. The upside to expanding algorithms was that I could simplify complicated algorithms, simplify code and write shorter, more meaningful sentences about it for younger and disabled audiences. If it was simple, adult audiences could read it easily as well. It made writing a simple version of the algorithm appropriate and made summarising the rigorous sides of different algorithms more accessible. With a high-distinction argument, students could then work on an assignment.
18. I also spell (breasoned) and grammar-checked the writing, testing any algorithms. Separately, I automatically converted and uploaded the philosophy. When the philosophy had reached 80 paragraphs, I converted and uploaded it using an algorithm. Then, I moved Grammar-Logic content (mind-mapping ideas) to another file. The algorithm notified me if a file had the incorrect format, including incorrectly formatted double quote marks.
19. In Essay Helper, I checked that "space space space", or similar in "\n space space space \n" wasn't in the sources. This feature frequently represented page breaks in PDF documents and needed to be changed to "\n\n" for pagination. The sheet feeder algorithm could convert this feature using atomic list concat. Essay Helper could be the basis for industries as it was the ideal form of A-grade arguments. As part of this, the algorithm would mind-read customers or employees and produce the essay.
20. Humans appeared only to accept what they were ready for. More senior employees or customers could produce their own chapters to create essays or run Essay Helper. Often these would be businesses as customers. A completely automated process might include algorithm, breasoning and connection generation. Breasonings must be human-desired, on the right trajectory and originally found out, perhaps, for example, automation or a feature matching accepted theory.

