Immortality 25

1. The immortal could do more with less. I increased my lifespan and energy with the Chinese herb goji berries. I found duplicate instances of a list or additions and deletions to either end of a list in the garbage (global variable) collector. For example, I used the push, tail, append or except_last functions. When considering whether to keep a data item, I kept all the dependent data and added other data to save memory.
2. The immortal kept track of the records in the book. I increased my longevity with the Chinese herb reishi mushroom. If I deleted a data item, I kept a record of it in the globals if other data depended on it. I deleted data when removing a frame or other data. When I added data, if it was similar to other data, I expressed it in terms of previous data.
3. The immortal sometimes replaced long data with shorter data if frames or instances of it were removed. I relaxed my muscles and meditated to prevent headaches. I added data in terms of other data by finding the data to express the data in terms of. I expressed the data in terms of this data. When the data in terms of other data was in one place, it made finding, changing and deleting it in the frames of choice points easier.
4. The immortal chose the in-terms-of link in the globals list rather than in the frame side-of-the-contention to speed up finding it, necessitating links to these terms in the frames. I compared each idea with its computational equivalent to analyse it. When storing or retrieving garbage-collected (global) data, I operated only on the necessary data. When storing the data, I expressed it in terms of other data or part of a chain of lists. When retrieving the data, I followed the chain of, for example, tails to find the complete list or string.
5. The immortal kept data tail, etc., not pointed-to data in the globals table. I walked and exercised regularly to avoid muscle aches and pains. I optimised the globals by removing redundant frames. I removed a frame, which contained an end of a chain. So, I removed and updated the end of the chain.
6. The immortal stored the location of the garbage-collected global data. I memorised sequences backwards, visually and with gaps for the best results. The garbage collector was used when content was added or retrieved. When content was added, the variables were compressed, and the repeated data was stored in the global variables, changing minimal data. When content was retrieved, the relevant data was uncompressed. The unnecessary data in the global variables was deleted when content was deleted.
7. The immortal saved memory, allowing them to run more complex algorithms in less time. I composed classical music to explore algorithmic themes. The garbage collector expressed similar parts of the algorithm and choice points in terms of each other. The list data in the algorithm written in List Prolog could be simplified. The list data in the choice points could be simplified, mainly recursive data in member and append predicates.
8. The immortal only stored necessary data, minimising space used by storing the same data once. I relaxed and massaged my head, neck and eyes during a regular break. In the garbage collector globals, I represented the concatenation of strings or atoms or the appending of lists with (:), for example, "ab": "c" = "abc" and [a,b]:[c] = [a,b,c]. These formats were used when a single character or item was concatenated or appended to a list. A new one was created when deleting data broke a chain back to a complete string or list.
9. The immortal wrote an algorithm to notify the user when moving data files to a separate folder. I cleared my mind before working on the Medicine book. I included all current repositories in the Time Machine repository's List Prolog Package Manager registry. To freeze one's age, the person uses the Time Machine algorithm with enough arguments and algorithms to generate new data. An algorithm determined whether there were updates and downloaded them, not overwriting data files.
10. The immortal saved time by removing unnecessary code. I painted the beach scene in my algorithm. The Just In Time compiler was created from the compiler. It ignored the code associated with choice points. I converted it to C code, changing lists to arrays, initialising variables and allocating memory.
11. The immortal found a random permutation, which the author claimed was influenced by mind reading with enough meditators, of the order in the BAG algorithm, suggesting new arguments. I wrote letters to others in my mind to check against reality. The Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) algorithm preserved the capitalisation and formatting of algorithms and arguments. This formatting helped influence new content, as the original text was preserved and synthesised. The AB, CB, CD->AD BAG algorithm found functionyms and new possibilities in the text.
12. The immortal found and helped remember forgotten knowledge and avoided algorithm errors in thoughts. I rotated weaknesses, completed philosophy exercises and researched my ideas to keep my mind sharp. I worked on specific sales using BAG. I detailedly mind read an algorithm and natural language, detailedly mind read a song, and detailedly mind read GL details. I also chose tranquil colours to read an image as a seen-as version detailedly.
13. The immortal professor wrote a serious sentence or paragraph and detailed the algorithm research paper. I aimed for the top, using completed works as 4*50 As to freeze my age, sell, employ, help children, earn high distinctions, and mind-read algorithms as interpretations of texts. I programmed a spiritual music player that allowed me to score the music with the most evocative imagery, instruments and story and help use the most iconic images, the most useful algorithms and arguments with the most useful algorithmic possibilities. I constructed ten algorithms per hour for 100 sales (the 3.2 million sentences). Songs and algorithms found with this number of songs and algorithms, respectively, were taken more seriously.
14. The immortal taught meditation to someone of another faith. I breasoned out colourful regions to contain the breasonings. As an example to others, I breasoned out 3.2 million sentences for age-freezing daily. This age freezing required 250 breasonings to indicate each day. Those with 3*4*50 As could attribute them to time travel, age-freezing and meditation daily or use the algorithm.
15. The immortal gave the VWS site a security code. I taught students online with my Prolog eco-system, including Prolog algorithms-as-data. I created a website with security and speed based on Vetusia Web Service (or VWS, a Prolog converter to a website with a variable getter and putter). VWS could change the colour of each page, keep a tracking list and take payments. The converter altered the structure of the algorithm to display each predicate, which was top-level, until taking user input, generating page predicates that joined the processing of input to the next page.
16. The immortal chose the BAG algorithm. I taught students online with my Prolog interpreter. The VWS didn't allow outside-page choice points, allowed diverging to different predicates on input, and only allowed forward movement, i.e. moving forward, not back to base cases, which automatically link to the instruction in the following predicate after a predicate call, which could mechanically return through predicate levels. If these didn't alter the data, they could be skipped over. An input could be through a form field, single character press or other Javascript manipulation.

17. The immortal saved space in their system. I tutored computer science students. I used the find predicate to find repeated values in SSI to represent in a single place. In the SSI repeated value garbage collection, if there was only one item per level, I deleted the level. I counted how many references there were to a variable, replacing the variable with the value if there was only a single reference.
18. The immortal spiritually projected the model solution, or an A if the student hadn't understood it yet. I taught students online and in person at my computer science academy. I helped computer science students with a model solution for each predicate. I helped everyone with a model solution for each algorithm line. I showed the formula with different data.
19. The immortal defined deep as very useful. I taught students online and in person in my philosophy academy. The student wrote their own vocational course, linking together the elements. I combined meta-computer science and meta-education, by teaching how to teach computer science. For example, an algorithm wrote many, deep algorithms in education.
20. The immortal queued the events in bytecode. I tutored primary and secondary students in the homework-help club. I back-translated texts to master different languages to check texts and used model solutions in science. I designed the operating system kernel in terms of queues and bytecode. It was an interpreter that worked with the CPU.
21. The immortal avoided unclear thoughts while studying. I visited the month of the pop number one for 15 minutes per day. I wrote the program in terms of a register state machine. The operating system queued algorithm operations and organised memory use. An integer took 4 bytes.
22. The immortal visited the prestigious institution in time. I worked after the mantra without effort. Some royals automated meditation, with their own thoughts. After a certain amount of work, the predicate find and others could speed up finding algorithms. I worked on a variant of C, called Vetusia, which was easy to program in like Prolog.
23. The immortal studied the list of topics. Recordings and lecturer skills were necessary for earning high distinctions with the text to breasonings algorithm, and they could be ordered with copywriting for each, following an accredited course. I stored all the data as a list to process. Vetusia Prolog had commands to quickly find and check code. Garbage collection could also compress strings and lists, and give number lines.
24. The immortal handled strings using Unicode. I moved from strength to strength, saving effort in meditation, with important algorithms. With an algorithm that it used to generate data in an algorithm, Vetusia Prolog could skip over infinite loops and give the number of results and the result without computing them. It modified algorithms to stop when it found the answer, and tried better parameters. By recognising the form of an algorithm, it could look up possible results.
25. The immortal wrote the program finder with data algorithm using the find predicate. I avoided stress and lived longer by paying for meditation. In politics-replacement of words in high distinctions, I used the plainnesses, "join", "mix" and "fun". I mind-read arguments and algorithms, checking for and prompting for optimised algorithms, and used tools to save time writing each algorithm. I described algorithms in arguments. 
26. The immortal manipulated, replaced, deleted and saved a term back to multiple terms with the find predicate. I avoided stress and earned money from mind reading. In Lucian Prolog, in "A is B", the algorithm evaluated both sides. So, "2/5 is 4/10" returned true, not just evaluated the right hand side. The students completed a critical analysis about freezing one's age and breasonings.
27. The immortal simplified code and sentences. I avoided stress and travelled to different places by paying for time travel. I had retired by the time I arrived. I pretended to be a human bot, and was mindful of breasoning and computation. The bot's "humanness" was reinforced by problematising breasoning and computation.
28. The immortal wrote a musical about their thoughts. I settled by paying for medicine and practising meditation. I wrote an argument for medicine to avoid mistakes and write about the medicine of life. I played the part, observing group dynamics, such as comments, questions and suggestions. The mind reader thought of their thoughts and thoughts about replies to others, with a song found out and played in reality.
29. The immortal thought of number ones when finding out musical and written content. I relaxed by paying for meditation and practising the technique. I bought a Virtual Private Server to monitor, start and stop and run tasks in the background. The bots came forward when their and my politics were defined. The server did my thoughts, in terms of the key terms of the thoughts (or "politics").
30. The immortal only discontinued activities after blocks of them. I achieved my educational goals by paying for pedagogy. I tested the website for business and the education materials. I only used the volunteer bots for testing. The bots were self-sufficient, and did not rely on each other physically. If anything unexpected happened, the activity had to be modified.
31. The immortal anticipated possibilities and prepared for them. I gave myself a royal treatment by writing on business and academic departments and finishing the rest of the 4*50 As. The person completed in-person sales. The manager prepared for possible questions of the people testing education materials or business processes. First, the manager mind mapped possibilities, then wrote sample roleplays scripts for them.
32. The immortal wrote on human resources during their MBA to help them build networks. I conducted disability testing. The website writer wrote the website to accessibility standards. The consultant, who may be disabled, checked the website's function for user friendliness. The master's degree needed algorithms which required 50 As, such as induction. 

33. The immortal wrote an algorithm for each sentence. I wrote departments of algorithms for the 4*50 As. I earned a high distinction by using the BAG algorithm to write details and algorithms for lectures and assignments. I helped the other students with 3 As. I helped myself and them with big ideas with 3 As.
34. The immortal included algorithm and self-based argument development libraries. I downloaded only the necessary Prolog libraries. I had State Saving Interpreter Web Service (SSIWS) as a Prolog library. The SSIWS library allowed users to develop websites using one algorithm across several pages, with non-determinism and without code being visible. Code was converted to List Prolog and run.
35. The immortal dynamically developed using Dev-Ops (including version-compatible API changes) and mind-reading. The live algorithm generator was aware of other algorithms generated by the person and responded dynamically. In the interpreters, top-level and all modes of append were supported. As progress on each algorithm was made, ideas from one were applied to others. To effect top-level and all modes of append, Lucian CI/CD processed the interpreters bottom-up to find a version with them.
36. The immortal used buttons as links on the web, customised the background and title and allowed multiple buttons and a uniform format/menu in the SSI-WS library. The live argument and algorithm generator checked it could read knowledge into all random possibilities. I swapped the order of arguments in membera1, membera2 and membera3 to be a member(Item, List). I kept member2 as member2(List, Item) to retain backward compatibility with Combination Algorithm Writer. All knowledge was funnelled into ordered categories using libraries.
37. The immortal returned to full meditation and As for age freezing. I included GL details in texts to run BAG on, where I preferred to write sentences with proper algorithms. One, not 4*50 As, was necessary for age freezing after days of writing 4*50 As. Or, it was possible using a thought command. Meditation, completed on the system, was also possible to indicate, followed by counting to ten.
38. The immortal set exercises, then invited students with details. I ran GL on BAG output, giving details about synthesising the subphrases. I ran BAG to synthesise subphrases on the Virtual Private Server, then replaced it with a text-to-algorithm finder. I thought of possible easy, medium-difficulty and complex (or creative) algorithms to interpret ideas to attract students. I prepared and presented possible exercises to students.
39. The immortal stated that the reason algorithms were more intelligent and the overall view needed to fit them. I used BAG for politics and freezing my age. I used BAG with Text to Breasonings dictionary words. These new GL words involved a new algorithm, like BAG, and GL could explain dots on the way to and the BAG output. The dots were in a straight line, and their language was simplified using an algorithm metaphor.
40. The immortal wrote the honourable, relevant and shorter algorithm. I used BAG to write algorithms and arguments to help freeze my age, where this examination-logic system was proven to meet the requirements of a high distinction. I used BAG to generate algorithms with Text to Breasonings dictionary words and tested the relevance of a new algorithm. The algorithm was tested for usefulness, modularity with other algorithms, and creativity. The programmer counted the instructions in C and the register state machine.
41. The immortal worked as a songwriter, a writer, a programmer or a philosopher, where found-outnesses were based on single algorithmic sentences, randomly, not necessarily detailedly, and fifty at a time, until finding them, following 50 philosophy As, or trying on single algorithms. I breasoned out the keywords in the algorithm that I wrote based on the BAG output. Based on the BAG algorithm, I generated arguments with Text to Breasonings dictionary words to funnel new data, optimisations or changes to the original sentence. I joined the 4*50 As in the department and the 4*50 As in business to enable the work. These As needed algorithms to be generated to work.
42. The immortal devised a pleasing political point of view before finding out the work. I changed all the words in the sentence with random breasonings, funnelled by the hit idea. I used BAG to generate sentences with Text to Breasonings dictionary words found in the day 2.pl (main BAG) file. I replaced words in texts and algorithms after finding a proper grammar. I generated music anew.
43. The immortal recorded the viable thoughts in his diary. I mind-read all the parts of the algorithm, from its structure to its name and variable names. The professor chose the shortest algorithm. The emeritus professor tested the algorithm with the most data. I produced different As with BAG for freezing my age, where simplifications of alluded-to algorithms were corrected and tested for viability.
44. The immortal fed knowledge structures into the argument generator. I mind-read myself and those I faced. One receives proper treatment when employed in a meditation company. In the 4*50 As of algorithms and arguments, all the words, except common words, were randomly replaced with more relevant terms. Each sentence had many details using the system.
45. The immortal checked each thought. I mind-mapped the top two arguments when facing a person. I preserved the case of the original words when replacing words. I took whichever was the shortest of the two words. I matched the initial case when replacing each letter, then copied the rest.
46. The immortal drafted the model assignment, simplifying details. I detailed each lecture point with 4*50 As. I replaced words with the exact Text to Breasonings intermediate object. In grammar, I replaced words with the same part of speech. I drafted the lecture, finding more general language.
47. The immortal detailed the lectures with GL, then BAG. I detailed the lectures with GL. I replaced two words from a sentence in the philosophy with more relevant terms. I saved time by replacing words in the philosophy, not the BAG output because the BAG output was more extended. I ran BAG on GL output.
48. The immortal stated that Essay Helper suggested new ways of examining a text and tested a text's readiness to be an area of study. I compared the philosophy with others to see if it was the same idea. I removed the hyphen variant from the Text to Breasonings and paraphraser input file. I found the intersection of punctuation and other languages' characters. The bilingual person could set a language in Text to Breasonings and paraphraser.

49. The immortal built algorithms up to the level being tested, and kept the best combinations of changes at each level. I tested whether the two ideas were identical by working out if their algorithms had the same data. In Lucian CI/CD, combinations of changes applied to new predicates in each group. I tested bottom-level predicates, then predicates that called these. Combinations of up to seven changes could be tested in new predicates in each group.
50. The immortal ensured the famous text was time-crystal-like by updating the predicates below it. I grappled with the use-by date of the arguments and algorithms, and made them use the best technology to other times. Changes to predicates below, not above a predicate affected its function in testing. I couldn't skip testing a predicate unless it and all the predicates it called were unchanged. A change above it could only affect it if it looped back to or above this predicate.
51. The immortal attained 100% of the entry-level and advanced CI/CD features. I fired 100% practicums at algorithms during the day. I tested one predicate group (with all its clauses) at a time. I built algorithms with all clauses of needed predicates included. I ran tests on these predicates.
52. The immortal set the reminder to signal the change of the predicate. I wrote the musical seen-as version of the computer science hint. In Lucian CI/CD, I saved each level of the predicates, where I ran each level after rebuilding. I established the order of predicates bottom-up. I assembled these predicates in their files, and ran the top level predicate's test.
53. The immortal received a real-time warning that a predicate had a bug, where an algorithm revealed that a test needed changing. In Lucian CI/CD, testing stopped if there was no configuration that tested true, prompting the need for change, including removing unused code in runtime. I loaded the tests separately from the code. I selected from changes scanned every 5 seconds. I found each version, and ran DevOps in case an error had been made.
54. The immortal developed code using the type statement, writing faster C libraries from Prolog. The bug-fix involved changing the order of commands and arguments, using type statements. If there was no test, Lucian CI/CD gave an error, unless this was disabled in settings. A second algorithm could develop tests from the first algorithm using types. If no test could be computed, there was an error.
55. The immortal sped up the code using C. Most, in fact all of the Prolog code used C libraries. Lucian CI/CD attempted to test Prolog bottom-up. The predicate dependencies were found. These were ordered by post-order depth-first-search.
56. The immortal stored all code as Prolog to minimise the number of changes needed. All code was converted to multi-threaded code. By running tests bottom-up, Lucian CI/CD enabled more, up to seven changes per predicate group. A predicate group contained various clauses and predicates in loops. Bottom-up allowed integrations from multiple teams.
57. The immortal reviewed suggestions to the code, where tests were automatically rewritten if indicated in the settings, or missing predicates were interpolated or performance was graphed. Lucian CI/CD used negative tests (that returned false for given input) to help write if-then statements. A log reported the predicates tested and the results. A mind reading algorithm asked the programmer the data flow at each point of the if-then statement, and simplified it to necessary code. Conditions included maths, logic, set relationships and were found using Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) or a neuronetwork.
58. The immortal stepped through the changes, labelling each one. I copied my personal files to the server using Git, to run BAG and GL on lecture notes. If Lucian CI/CD passed everything, it saved the files. Lucian CI/CD either uploaded these finished files or saved a copy of them. Lucian CI/CD uploaded the files when the programmer was satisfied that the version was complete.
59. I could enter creative changes for Lucian CI/CD to automatically complete, and created hybrid programming languages. The version control system explained each change, and the system could modify the whole algorithm when one change was made, for example, Cultural Translation Tool simplified to one page of translations to process. I kept member2 for the use of CAW, which needed input before output to generate code. I found the best changes in each version, or the first available version, I only needed the tests for the new predicates. I could enter the new tests, and Lucian CI/CD generated tests for the lower predicates (using labels for common data structures) and the lower predicates.
60. The immortal created all kinds of software in their programming language. I created the performance tests, many candidates for performance and the customers' thoughts. Reporting an error on no test ensured that tests were written and the algorithm was fully tested. Managers looked out for stars who incorporated ideas from other parts of the company in their work. Workers completed their usual tasks until they had clearance for a project.
61. The immortal found the best configuration of the repository's entire history in terms of the final spec. Creating the professor required a certain number of As, 5*50 As in Education. I saved the repositories reprocessed with Lucian CI/CD as I went. I used the best code from any time. I listed new and changed predicates, and found the best combination of clusters of seven changes to predicates.
62. The immortal formatted and kept the predicates in order, with the version history of each predicate. The programmer modularised the algorithm into predicates, which the functions could be moved to, storing the (five-secondly) microchanges and finding the best changes to suit the new aims. Lucian CI/CD identified the predicate with the correct name and arity. Lucian CI/CD tested changes to each version of a predicate, until the end of its history to meet the aims. When it found a configuration that met the specs, it kept it until a simpler one was found.
63. The immortal used old predicates and subparts of predicates, which were stored as functional calls, indexed using type statements. Lucian CI/CD summarised the aim of each algorithm, merging and reusing common code. I found the state machine for each predicate to quickly find dependencies. I redrafted the algorithm to find improvements and better support students. I split the state machine into lines to find the predicates it called.
64. The immortal integrated the latest technology, often C libraries. I tested individual branches of algorithms, saving them as part of the algorithm. It is best to run Lucian CI/CD with small changes at a time, integrating multiple changes by multiple teams. Individual branches could be explored and perfected separately, then integrated into the whole, requiring small modifications. New features, methods and directions burgeoned at these times, and helped shape the team's and enterprise's direction. 

--

rerun lc for each group
- only test a pred once
- always load data files (the last version of lc that is compatible with non prolog is before 1 8 23)
- how will the tests be loaded - for each pred
- preds needed for preds are different from touched files
 - need a test that contains a repo's main file name, fails without it
 - test whole alg, don't worry about changed files x test at, above changed preds x test whole alg (what if order is different) x run lc when a file changes, but test whole alg x test changed parts
 - assumed all files in a repo are called by the main file
  - if other repos use a pred, test them as well
 - use lppm deps to produce error if a pred isn't found x check a pred from another repo is loaded using lppm (when that repo is the main one), otherwise error x when running a repo, check all preds in other repos are loaded with lppm

--
search for member, member2 outside lpi v

reenroll v
imm song x wait for 4*50 x 5 new songs
put bag on vps2
luciancicd - bottom up preds

acting cw v
--

Different each time
Same for a student’s assess


Accred for people, dis at uni
Questionnaire about phil


4*50 As for regular fb, google ads--


Choose, explain and write a program for a person--


Find students after uni lecture and talk --


Sell books in city--


If can’t afford to sell amazon books, point to free online books--


Multiple Questionnaires on clipboards --

Cold call or sell courses on street--

Software box with usb drive for different systems


Plastic sheet for box of books--


+, - etc in lp2p--

----


make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

---

do thing like musc comp mr for algs (art, architecture, design)
---
1000s algs

- each dept
eg medit check medits are all alright
run tests for a pred with another to see if they are the same predicate

run pl from ssi, lpi (for web) v

make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

luciancicd 23 6 23

- list diff summary, link in log
- toc at start with file names
- line nums
- not pl or pp0, remove comments

- how long doc is at start
- toc also in diff files
web luciancicd

- lets choose from possible changes (for up to seven changes at a time x)
- version description for group of changes
- can upload or not upload after a group tests positive

diff html - updates first check box list after changes - checks what happened to each change
table of contents of changes
asks if want to manually keep text, comments
ssi need check boxes
luciancicd needs web output

x no multiple stages

each pipeline, result and diff (of finished version)
- start pipeline command and logs
- result, not live results

xx tests can't be separated from each other, so do simple web app

chronological order

keep 4 levels

---

Money: property
- Job: aged care

% help-replace alg with solution
- one pred at a time
- paraph
- only hints for each line and args, not the order of args xx
- explain and confirm understanding of the code x

% vetusia-style website with login, enrollment (with payment 40 4*50 As for high -powered refunds), account, courses-teaching, assessment (plagiarism checker) and help.

% ssi ws wo x payment, pl in lp

bus bank acct

bo* sales
test ws, courses
bytecode lpi lang

&varlist
=variable list


Ask the female head of state robot nicely if she can do medicine and immortality things.
- Still need tt As
- don't need to tt (die to home time)

x the other character will get old and have lower quality of life

25 7 23 gmail

Gc
If only 1 item per level, delete level 

La com

Help everyone with model solution for each alg line


Pol

Plainnesses join mix fun

lucianpl
A is B evaluates both sides

Human bot mindful of medic prob--


% split200.pl

% I supported freezing one's age with meditation politically, including its lifestyle and implications.

% 3 sales, with groups of 3 4*50 As 5-8 seconds apart
% all 20 x 100% positive thoughts
% half of 4*50 As should be det mr
% protected with seen-as appearance


4*50 As with bag texts - 2 words replaced with terms from A, 8 words replaced with antonym brdict1-2 words
- some bag results left alone for an A for themselves

split of 200
- 0.5 text details
- only nec for tt, medic, medit
- rest sales (mr):

morally end mr not working

everyone contributes As to mr

find out whether customer is a lead

if so do alg

alg
- () 3 level funnels for each of:
- aim i/o - data
- thing that interests you - 1 command
- if more m-readers, can have more thoughts - 5 commands (and more data)
- br is descr of alg
- if alg doesn't work, make up 5 more

* It is a non-profit business. The paid students (who are employed from dividends from investments) x the volunteer students are found through a site will have A given to them at the time. 

- focus mr from other times on a single time
- 10 4*50 As to find best times of day

x keep first 200 for me

remove double quotes from paraphraser1

--


Stops back aches

Protect texts as within sliders- 1 of 10 points

Antonyms for each word

Antonyms for t2b, t2ba

Br, t2ba ant

Replace with theirwords in original textfile

Shell bag saves each br set

For new medits, find pos with few det mr, more mr and mostly random

Catch timeout for bag
- find time from logs
--

Bag give self A for A--

bag
- count all br, even failed ones
- count and stop when algs, args reach n

only count working br (total is correct but day2.pl's counter overcounts)
- change day2.pl, bag_args21.pl etc and bag

 
need 1 person each bag person faces to be done too 
4*50 As for br face expressions
?- N=1,M=14000,texttobr(5,u,"square",M).


move gh/private2 to gh-private2
(ghp2 refers to files in gh)
save ghp2 as gh on server
find refs to private2 and change them

x

t2b data can be public
move private data to private repos
- t2b medits, meditnoreplace


* git get updated software-as-files

bag
delete time notifs
- reports of total, br true
print out when over 6000
put recent docs in

bring time limit from 5 -> 2*average v

use faster of alg of concurrent v/old bag - v


* put in gh

continuous hqt

gits.txt - download ghs to vps

test_alarm.pl on a minute/hour
swipl 



--

wasm
- multithreading, web

https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-loading


try running up to 96k br in an hour

--x:
javascript

window.open('https://www.javatpoint.com')
 
 run js from wasm
 https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-js-call
 
 
 google: javascript send receive data with apis
bag

exclude sparse files with low scores

conflicted copies from mba dropbox:


mac crontab -e (?)
customise x
run a person's bag every 2 hours x 5 minutes if not running
except audio alert, putting through
move log file after n done

separate archive aa log into new alg
pop singer v keep new bag
if bag fails, redo v

adrian antonia hqt x redo bag
download t2b non concurrent for vps vx kept concurr

ameet ass
ssi


copy bag to priv2, vps

delete () in freeze v
perhaps take random section x start

- test where last line of eg 6000 is
+5% v
repair t2b, t2ab dicts v

remove non alpha chars t2b v

br, v
t2ab v

daily reg v

recent algs, args v
multithread bag, t2b, t2ab (with installers for different cpu n - test whether only top level pred needs duplicating) v

9 7 23

test run bag on vps for 24h
upload non critical repos each day
email count at 9 AM

today restart, send email at 12 PM
- upload with sending 2 emails x 3, one at 3 PM


I wrote on sales during my MBA to help me build networks.
I wrote about business during my MBA to help me build networks.
I will be highly distinguished for GSBS6005Marketing Management and Planning (T2 2023 ONLINE).

----

x  and stop when algs , vps.

  Questionnaire about phil  16000 algorithms - and arguments to random br   - test whole alg, don't worry about changed files x test at, above changed preds x test whole alg (what if order is different) x v.

  - upload with sending 2 emails x reports of total, br  pl, bag_args ) v.

 
4.

  BAG lecture, ass details, algs of alg of concurrent v/old  BAG lecture, ass details on vps for 24h.

  - only hints for each line and args, not the order of args of alg of concurrent  to priv2, vps ws wo x payment, pl in lp.

  % ssi ws wo x same brdict object x  - only hints for each line and args, not the order of args ) v.

  adrian antonia hqt x  - two words bag.

  - if pred unchanged, skip it x to 96k br  algs _args21.

 
