Immortality 37

1. The immortal introduced Spec to Algorithm (S2A) to teachers and professionals to help with medicine, money and education. 1 wrote documentation for S2A to help people learn to use it so that they could examine the algorithms they use, improve or optimise them, and meet professional requirements. S2A helped speed up writing and streamlined mind-reading 250 algorithms necessary for health, wealth and wisdom. I wrote 250 algorithms for important immortality high distinctions, sold S2A to earn real money and worked out the logic for model answers. Children and adults could use S2A to generate base cases quickly and write hierarchies of nondeterministic specs in a spec.
2. The immortal used GL to write algorithm descriptions about practical business applications inspired by meditation, such as game or application engines (after graduating from a humanities University short course) and specs in S2A. Speeding up S2A saves time when developing new ideas and making the proper connection, such as making a spelling game to match a meaning when given words in a sentence. Advanced year 10-11 school children could possess the skills to use Spec to Algorithm. After much meditation, I wrote Spec to Algorithm (writing algorithms such as subterm with address, which could be taught and is easy enough to understand) and research and development. Separate from S2A, regular problem-solving is needed to practise applying recursion, which S2A does automatically for users.
3. The immortal found the framework of the ideas by mimicking and expanding writing. S2A is more suited to businesses generating bulk algorithms while remaining responsible for revising problem-solving methods. If students had the minimum paraphrasing skills (which contains the other side of things thinking of new algorithms at University), mathematical (such as ratios and geometric calculations) and language skills (describing and reducing ideas to logic, possibly combined with finding out solutions from a University short course). These skills give students the confidence to mind-read specs (perhaps ameliorated in secondary school with meditation). Then, they could use S2A to write 50 high distinctions and have a business.
4. The immortal protected thoughts using copywriting and mind-reading within ethical boundaries. The student had the confidence to finish an algorithm. Secondary school students with skills in Linux can develop sophisticated algorithms and use a short course to gain the confidence to design an interpreter. Year 10-11 students, particularly those in specialised classes or those with strong potential in logical thinking, problem-solving, or computational subjects, could study a University Computer Science short course to become confident enough to finish S2A specs. This step meant doing the work themselves for the rest of the time, possibly using computer science and philosophy.
5. The immortal optimised the design by first thinking of a sentence. I was pleasant and collected comments using mind-reading. The Doctor of Business Administration became an accredited education founder. From a book in the school library, I learnt programming techniques and how to avoid pitfalls. I thought about or said to myself the sentence about the code I was about to write to more easily think about how it converted into code.
6. The immortal used the version control system to save progress, versions, backups and commits automatically. A problem-solving framework for a primary school computer science student contained the waterflow model with stages such as design, development, testing and debugging, which repeat. I prevented a project from becoming buggy with a version control system and the concentration ability helped by a University short course. I also recommend keeping backups, making progress in great stages, a version history, demonstrating the successful program to a family member, and using a data-loss-proof editor and Prolog for immutability and faster type checking and debugging. I wrote a grammar interpreter to explore writing and debugging Prolog grammars, a necessary but tricky skill, and parse file data and write a programming language converter.
7. The immortal split strings and lists on delimiters and didn't disturb their recursive structure. I worked out grammars for specs, where specs contained data with grammars. Grammars were needed to understand where to place formulas and their contents. The natural language delimiters were space, comma, semicolon, and full stop. This method assumed words were about ten characters at maximum.
8. The immortal modified the question-answering algorithm to use the mind as an input device. The S2A question-answering algorithm found the input, output, (data with) recursive structures, nondeterministic options and formulas. I wrote standard features to add to repositories, dependencies of repositories' features to analyse and add features to uniformly, explainers and optimisations and new features from analysing the development of algorithms, from file to thought and experience (calculated, creative risks for features in meditation, such as inspiration for algorithms from fine arts, such as a finished artwork that inspires a combined non-data-loss, version history, backups for trying features, version control system, which automatically asks to save each type). I optionally directly included recursive structures, nondeterministic options and formulas in the specs to save time when editing them (keeping the original specs and possibly converting between them), preventing deleting parts of specs used to form base cases and recursive structures in specs. I had 16k breasonings as a philosopher for gaining entry to people's minds and being right.
9. The immortal ensured that people behaved harmoniously together in the simulation. I programmed robots to administer the simulation or carefully managed it myself. The simulation was designed to withstand failure, with multiple-stage error-catching, dimension protection and quality control of food, water, lifestyle perks and immortality. I studied medicine to develop a computer that could support immortality. I needed highly talented employees to help write 4*50 high distinctions to support each object scan of each research article to this end. The level of algorithms involved required criminal checks.
10. The immortal used Spec to Algorithm to quickly develop life-saving algorithms in the meditation company. I told students to insert [r,_] from S2A results into specs for easier editing and to prevent accidentally deleting data from which the recursive patterns come. Suppose the version control system detects that they accidentally delete recursive data to form a recursive structure in a spec. In that case, it will give a compilation warning and self-correct the code. In conjunction with self-correction, S2A is a fast, error-minimising development environment. It could eliminate errors by using a neuronet for features development and debugging, mainly checking whether the specs entered by the user are feasible (optimal, optimised and whether the specs can be compressed).
11. The immortal made work light and practical by breasoning as they went. I developed the Text to Aphors algorithm, which broke down breasonings and helped convert ratios and a side length into three side lengths, different from the mind-reading Text-to-Breasonings algorithm, which helped breasoners think of side lengths more quickly. I quickly breasoned 4*50 high distinctions for mind-reading, triangulating the customer's interests, mind-reading the algorithm, and minimising debugging with S2A and neuronets. This technique achieved completing a single algorithm in a few minutes, and the server's thoughts on increasing it were made to seem relevant to other customers. The server wanted to do the work, learn from mistakes, and solve problems.
12. The immortal found breasonings an invaluable programming tool in speed-programming tasks. In Text to Aphors, I divided the object into subobjects using two parts going well together. These subobjects connected with or were subparts of the main object or another subobject. The progress in giving students who needed encouragement with mathematics confidence in breasonings and the ability to check, complete and convert algorithms to results was life-saving. Breasoning helped check word choice in natural language, sometimes affecting algorithm correctness, helping complete algorithms by finding difficult-to-find bugs and ensuring uniformity.
13. The immortal mind reads 20-char words, for example, "thirteen point five", to cut off smaller numbers after one decimal point. In the Mind-Reading Text-to-Breasonings algorithm, I used detailed object (rather than mind) reading to help collect object names and breasonings, or the object's x, y and z dimensions. A separate spiritual screen could be programmed to help choose an object from an initial visualisation and give the dimensions of the rectangular prism containing the object if necessary. The algorithm uses the same breasoning dictionaries as Text-to-Breasonings. Before testing, the algorithm validates the quality of it. Numbers are mind-read as words for optimal accuracy.
14. The immortal compared the values with others when analysing an object. Text to Aphors asks what parts are in the object (if the parts are touching other parts) for the ratios of the side lengths of the rectangular prism containing the part and one of these measurements to compute all three side lengths. Students may use the algorithm to learn about and speed up working out breasonings from ratios and a length, where given a ratio x:y:z = 1:2:3 and a side length x=a=2cm, the side lengths y=(y*a)/x and z=(z*a)/x, both in cm. Aphors, parts of objects have dimensions, and their analysis leads to critical conclusions. Students are seen as thinking of object parts in academia when they think of breasonings, increasing their performance and their research ability.
15. The immortal made inroads to research by correcting simple errors back in time, teleporting pharmaceuticals and a thought implanter. I designed a noninvasive electromagnetic object scanner for science, education, and technology. I didn't act on incomplete or non-custom data, taking time to compare objects with readings to understand them and make new readings. I made the slightest, most effective decisions only. There was an open lab of people with conditions to scan to find solutions more quickly, such as correcting thoughts in meditation.
16. The immortal scanned objects in slices, building a structural and functional database that was invaluable in identifying, understanding and shaping positive function and preventing mishaps. I claimed high-quality mind reading is necessary, ethically treated, and accurately represented scans with 4*50 high distinctions. Logic and analysis were checked by mind reading and software, similar to a premium conclusion checker. Conclusions were rated from definite to experimental and needed to be replicated using a replicant lab. This software helps uniformly prevent errors and harm, consistently ensures research quality, and balances necessary risks with clean breasonings.

17. The immortal created a supercomputer by placing the neuronet in the simulation. I made extra dimensions in the simulation with 250 algorithms understood from 16k breasonings and algorithms. I understood (quickly returned) each decision used to write each algorithm after it was briefly displayed on a spiritual screen, with multiple choice and non-systematic errors as optimisations. I ran a different algorithm in each dimension the computer was in and collected the results using an object reader with 250 algorithms understood from 16k breasonings and algorithms. The difference from using 250 understood algorithms was that mind or object reading worked, the dimensions were distinct and properly made, and the supercomputer could pass messages between threads.
18. The immortal researched medical, linguistic and simulation data. The supercomputer could run many neuro-processes concurrently and do it ahead of schedule with time travel, giving the illusion of instant results. Its limitation was that it relied on running many short rather than one extended algorithm, making it feasible for meditation, medicine, immortality, space and time travel (locally or on remote spacecraft), business and research. The academic institution gave 16k breasonings per conclusion and researched each for added clarity. I could read many objects simultaneously and breason out 16k breasonings for research.
19. The immortal visited their house when it was occupied by someone else as if it was someone else's house, a real third house one would never see. I defined the person as private or not knowing about another person in another dimension in that location. The simulation did the rest of the work, following natural rules and maintaining (or helping) to be maintained by the computer) the simulation's locations. The simulation was artificial, like a holodeck, and the appearance and setting could be changed as if one were there. The world could be switched to appearing to last forever, supported by the simulation, and simulants interacted with settings in the simulation using switches.
20. The immortal was pleased that immortality was a universal technology and conducted life-saving, self-aware research into maintaining it. The simulation defined the default and unchangeable settings, constantly monitoring and defining reality. This conclusion required research and ongoing maintenance to find the optimal settings, present them best, and ensure optimal results for simulants. Everything a person needed was considered, from harmonious interactions based on their thoughts, which were helpful to their mental and physical safety, comfort and condition. I considered making the simulation open-source, where early users could customise aspects, such as controlling when to enter and leave it, who they met and setting maximum error-catching safety levels.
21. The immortal claimed that eternity was made possible using a universal technology that ran algorithms in the universe repeatedly. The first type of algorithm was 16k to enable meditation technologies, which were checked for need at any time. Secondly, I wrote algorithms that designed these 16k algorithms. These meditation technologies included meditation, anti-aging body replacement medicine, death prevention, time travel, mind-reading, simulation, quantum computing, and immortality. Algorithms which wrote the 16k algorithms generated algorithms from previous algorithms or thoughts the person had indicated and hand-tested understanding of each algorithm, with lovely comments and human wonder in non-space and told them what they were in space, with the date and sentence number to make them unique breasonings.
22. The immortal used the latest, authenticated version of mission-critical software. The 250 hand-understood algorithms were checked from that perspective, which increased the visibility and safety of people and objects and enabled sales. Philosophy, acting, and business checked the algorithms. They did this for correctness, to optimise them, and to debug them. I checked the algorithm's types, syntax, and output, reassessing it, the data, interpreter, or specification data, possibly reloading from a copy of the Internet or making changes with DevOps before going into, for example, space.
23. The immortal looked up specific solutions at any time (made up at the time because of compression and optimisation). There was always enough space to store supercomputer data, such as 16k algorithms. Instead, I generated them from enough starting points and kept the effects. A technology could quickly specify the algorithms simultaneously and turn off dimensions after use (akin to clearing the computer's memory), giving instantaneous results, which could be sped up by using a faster neuronet locally. This method could help classrooms by instantly computing and finding results after each query found a unique algorithm.
24. The immortal claimed that spacecraft of the future were like drones. The excursion explored the universe and the other planet after space travel in the classroom spacecraft. The spacecraft needed everything a spacecraft had, such as artificial quantum gravity, a safe, thick, radiation and temperature-proof hull, other specifications meeting safety requirements, power and backup power, light, oxygen, water and food, computers, software the inside and outside of a spacecraft, boarding, taking-off and landing gear, an engine, a time machine, object- and outside-object-scanning software, battery software, beds, auxiliary computers, navigation systems, a map and a window. The first computer time travelled and navigated, the second computer took care of the crew, and the third computer was for entertainment. They were all separate for speed and had different power sources and definite plans in cases of power failure.
25. The immortal found safety in the simulation, from which they could control their life better. The exterior object clearance to determine safe time travel, including plotting a safe time to make a path, was five seconds and one-metre margins. Other options on the routes taken, such as marginally moving in time, space, or dimension, such as a simulation and death-prevention technology, were always available. Nuclear (almost eternal) batteries backed up the quantum or other batteries and required maintenance and quality control. The simulation protected space travellers who could teleport long distances and wake up at home in an emergency.
26. The immortal created a simulation with immortality, a quantum computer, and friendly space alliance map repositories. The simulation allowed me to control who I met and what I experienced and ensured my safety and well-being with features such as high distinctions and graphics rendered in an emergency. I read enlightening research and met thought-provoking people. I gathered ideas for study and continuously strived for optimal performance. I gathered knowledge for immortality, removed problems on time travel, improved health, developed quantum computer software that could complete vast, necessary amounts of work such as scanning the universe or maintaining a planet, and explored well-known planets and places to visit to meet new people and gather inspiration.
27. The immortal simulated objects on the ground, moving, throwing and bouncing objects. I simulated quantum gravity with 16k breasonings and algorithms per second. This technology is needed to cover the surface area and volume. There were ways of enabling the emitters more quickly, but individual objects could be controlled in an optimised manner. The technology could be indicated as a whole.
28. The immortal updated the object coordinates and transported the object there. I simulated quantum gravity with subterm with address by searching for objects and changing them according to their current state. With technology, this ability would be easier and more accurate. I contributed high distinctions to understand it better. I found the object's state or a record of it in memory, calculated it from non-moving frames, and worked out the next position. It was too fast to control directly, but a universal simulator could simulate it
29. The immortal checked for battery, time travel, navigation, security and issues with monitoring the crew's health with software. Object scanners were required in space to check that the whole set of space jumps was not within an obstacle's range. I used DevOps to verify that the algorithm had the correct result: avoiding collisions, bad weather, human error when taking off or landing, and negligent or accidental collisions by other craft. The computer tracked and time-scanned crew's missing equipment, disagreements linked to human error and reasons for self-correction needed by software. DevOps found the flaw in meeting requirements with conflicting software and corrected them, barring space flight until it authorised it.
30. The immortal studied the technologies not to start a universal simulation but to develop one in their universe. I rendered the image of the object moving or falling until it hit the ground because of gravity. I found the object's trajectory from the gravity constant and rendered it, including its spin, reflection or refraction and internal or human interaction. The universe and nature already rendered it, so rendering it going away in an accident was necessary. I calculated and tracked its trajectory with an object reader for safety.
32. The immortal explained that false memories and protective graphics were simulated using teleportation, multiple dimensions and spiritual imagery projectors. In the case of an accident, I inserted the false memory with protective graphics. I temporarily teleported the contents to a holodeck (a safe place) with objects in the same configuration with graphics superimposed using a breasoning projector. The safe place was the same or similar at a different time or dimension, or the dangerous situation was removed using teleportation of an object, vaporisation or moving the person. The person noticed no difference except that the danger had been removed and continued this way.

33. The immortal emphasised the need to protect loved ones with technology, daily argument breasoning scripts, and the simulation to cope with more people. The fatal accident was averted in others before it or during the day by the person by hand-breasoning out 80 original breasonings, or old ones with the date in each sentence to make them original. Breasonings must be at least one main word’s object from each sentence, not character breasonings. I set up the script to have the effects of the breasonings at midnight, enabled by recordings, which time-travelled breasonings, breasoned out an additional argument to work from then until midnight, and warned others relying on the breasoner to breason out a third argument in case the co-op had already breasoned out the argument. Private simulations enabled this technology and protected the person in effect.
34. The immortal designed a robot in the simulation. It was the same as a human and continued in the simulation until the end. The robot cared for animals, acted out roles, and supported people. It was compassionate and joined paradoxical disconnects. The robot’s payment was immortality.
35. The immortal stated there were 2 hours/500 jumps = 14.4 seconds per jump for pedagogy. I created original breasonings by adding the date and breasoning number to each breasoning. This identification protected reused breasonings from invalidation, allowing death protection while immortal, anti-ageing body replacement medicine, meditation, time travel and other high distinctions. The students and business people competed and had a high quality of life by writing new content. The space travellers kept themselves occupied while breasonings and arguments were repeated, where an auxiliary system attended to them.
36. The immortal created a 10-year roadmap for researching and developing the simulation. I studied Medicine and collected neuronet data for writing, thoughts and behaviour. I researched and tested appropriate frameworks, giving the best possible life balance. I designed systems to support and automatically breason out 16k algorithms and arguments resembling people’s thoughts and closnesses. I researched and catered for the people, adding fail-safes to the neuronet and preparing for any possibility.
37. The immortal mind-read themselves and objects around them to exhaust an idea’s potential. The top student designed their high-quality thoughts for each thought once they could mind-read. They covered all their initial algorithms and arguments, then interacted with the research community, replying and adding features. They were strong in writing and programming new ideas, connecting 50 connections for new philosophy students and maintaining and reconnecting with others’ databases with their consent. They amassed knowledge and interdisciplinary research, improving and accounting for previous ideas, some of which they classified.
38. The immortal chose elements from home, realising they were in a simulation and lived a high-quality life. I protected each idea with 16k algorithms and arguments, satisfying people’s curiosity. I protected the person spiritually by thinking of how they could survive an upcoming or immediate danger, mending, adding to, or inventing a pathway to safety when none existed. I learned about electronics, electrical systems, natural and human-caused threats, the possibility of projected graphics, false or vaporised memories, stand-in bots, and other properties of the multiverse. The simulation allowed more possibilities, such as psychological and physical changes, changes to the appearance of one’s setting, and improvements in others’ quality of life.
39. The immortal experienced imagery from advanced scientific discoveries and unique phenomena regarding the time’s latest pedagogical ideas. I explored medical science, examining the various developed things and uses and applying first-principle skills to research problems. I discussed the implications of medicine for simulation, human needs, behaviour, and the best forms of therapy to change the organism. I connected enough conception breasonings to immortality, increasing them and the prospects and evolving life directions within the simulation. If the simulation was accessed from another time, it had to compensate for and be the primary person to that time through advanced pedagogies, some of which had to be researched at the time.
40. The immortal experienced the latest high-quality thoughts. I experienced the future through the present using sensory stimuli and safety fallbacks. The simulant experienced the outside world through their senses, experiencing changes to their body but recovering, remaining healthy, and avoiding risks. The simulant was safe from injury, accidents, medical problems, unwanted thoughts, and mistakes. The algorithm found and transitioned to the last safe or new body position.
41. The immortal found the number of participants and days of each person. I researched my surroundings, including different departmental and industrial perspectives, simulation knowledge, and ways of thinking. The simulant experienced recent and distant memories. The neuronet helped them have a better experience with departmental activities and learnt to support and protect them in their time. As it appeared, the universe had the same laws of nature and continued.
42. The immortal explored the love of wisdom. I continued to explore philosophy, enlivening my experience by keeping a journal and examining my life. I discussed my thoughts, their algorithmic possibilities, and new connections. Philosophy helped me think correctly, reach my goals, and cover my research tasks. I connected to old and new ideas, relevant stimuli and different perspectives.
43. The immortal explored the new unit or particle with the quantum box. I discussed the possibilities from different dimensions in light of the books I had written. There were eleven dimensions of subterms with infinite addresses, including the time that I could visit the three dimensions in terms of which I interpreted-created and kept in contact with, where all levels had a unique seen-as version and different offerings to the technologies. I randomly assigned the technologies to dimensions, exploring my situation in terms of their synthesis. For example, I researched infinite resources for examination.
44. The immortal trained Mind Reader on texts they gave it, then ran Mind Reader 2 to generate comments. I implemented programming languages using parser and compiler generators, which I optimised using neuronets. I also optimised Lucian CI/CD, CAW and Spreadsheet Formula Finder using neuronets. As long as I made a distance between universes, they came true. I noted all the differences between them.
45. The immortal wrote an operating system in Prolog with Spec to Algorithm (S2A). I compressed specs as much as possible and reused predicates from other algorithms. I compiled the operating system, with a memory grid, to C or processor-native Prolog for better performance. I made a choice-point version of Prolog without output variables instead of replacing the function with the results, called Starlog. Starlog combined Spec to Algorithm and Prolog and stored output to variable to reuse.
46. The immortal sped up the time and increased the number of possible computations. I effected (sic) the computer and processor design with S2A. I optimised the objects, including the circuits and components and then converted the computer from a Mind Reader computer to a multidimensional supercomputer. The quantum computer could give individual readings for computations and assemble these, sometimes in an algorithm that would take less time to compute. The multidimensional supercomputers, accessed from a set of political views that were too different, could run many algorithms in parallel and eventually return a single result using interdimensional messaging.
47. The immortal increased their sphere and quality of knowledge by writing new breasonings. I counted one breasoning per word when breasoning the Quantum Box argument. This count verified the breasonings as unique, increasing their value. I ensured that the Time Machine breasoning counter was only affected by repositories in the local repository group folder. I created a repository group folder installer with customisable repositories and eventually merged them, keeping data files separate or saved by the installer.
48. The immortal breasoned out the minimum (16k) breasonings daily and pointed to them multiple times with 250 breasonings. I logged the breasonings breasoned, setting the date and resetting the counter daily. I graphed the breasonings breasoned over time and tracked individual breasonings back to an algorithm and repository group folder. I reduced the number and length of repositories with S2A. S2A and Correct Mind Reader were covered in the further management degree.

49. The immortal recommended education, business and medicine as their company basis, where medicine helped save one’s life and with research. I prevented others and myself from dying. I breasoned out 16,000 arguments and algorithms if I might die. Ensuring that others were protected by understanding the algorithm(s) was essential. I considered writing 250 algorithms using Spec to Algorithm (S2A) and an in-built formula language, recursive structures (with optional structures and recursive list and string optimisations, in String to Grammar’s test 15 tested in S2A) and decision trees. 
50. The immortal used S2A, numbered and ranked keywords in sentences, rule systems, correlation and supervised learning as part of a manual neuronet to help perfect the robot. I inserted a recursive example in S2A’s documentation. For the input spec, [[[input,[['A',[1,2,3,2,3,1,2,3,2,3]]]],[output,[['B',[3]]]]],
[[input,[['A',[1,2,4,2,4,1,2,4,2,4]]]],[output,[['B',[4]]]]]], with character_breakdown_mode=off, I gave the output "algorithm(In_vars,Out_var) :-
algorithm([[[['&r',[1,['&r',[2,'C1']]]]],[output,[['C1']]]]],[[[[1,2,2,2,2],[[1,1]]]]], In_vars,Out_var).". This recursive example demonstrated how S2A converted each spec line into a recursive structure and merged them in a decision tree. Other examples showed how optional structures and S2G’s test 15 worked in S2A.
51. The immortal checked Lucian CI/CD test 9 for bugs, split the algorithm for better memory management and supported various platforms. I changed the recursive structure finding algorithm in String to Grammar and Spec to Algorithm to bottom-up. This algorithm eliminated the recursion overhead and substantially sped up the algorithm, which didn’t need to find only some but the correct recursive structure. The algorithm started with the list’s end, finding each possible recursive structure. Neuronets used bottom-up algorithms as an optimisation technique to achieve results more quickly.
52. The immortal created an algorithm that converted a spec and a set of documents into an accurate, customised neuronet. I created a programming language for manual neuronets (algorithms with features but not the method of a neuronet). The advantages of a manual neuronet are that it is more careful when handling and controlling machines and better supervises machines such as robots. The programming language for manual neuronets automatically creates a neuronet from an S2A-generated algorithm, numbered and ranked keywords in sentences, rule systems, correlation and supervised learning using generated data, which comes from an algorithm that expands the types in the spec. The programming language checks whether these elements are present in the algorithm and uses a bottom-up algorithm if it is better for some parts of the spec’s algorithm.
53. The immortal stated that the manual neuronet programming language intuitively and transparently optimised the code. I created multi-featured, saleable algorithms using a manual neuronet. For example, I created a spelling corrector that considered grammar. It incorporated parts of speech from my philosophy and word lists, as well as the decision tree algorithm, and corrected the spelling of read texts. S2A helped optimise algorithms to be fast like a neuronet, and other optimisations included types and manual neuronet predicates.
54. The immortal labelled and devised an appropriate commenting system on parts of the language. The manual neuronet processed natural language. It could parse, optimise, translate and correct language. S2A enabled this by itself. Further manual neuronet predicates aided questions with answers of different complexities.
55. The immortal checked the company they were helping to be ethically ready to support business in an area like the information industry. The company gained an advantage by assisting users in achieving innovative, saleable, and profitable solutions. The trade-off from giving answers to competitors was making money from helping them. There was no limit to the requests, and the company could satisfy them all. Premium code checking, optimisation and custom solution development were supported.
56. The immortal examined their unabridged philosophy. The manual neuronet was critical of some options the user gave. It discussed, compared and contrasted these and gave its opinion. The chatbot was a specialist on Spec to Algorithm and Lucian’s other algorithms and texts, as well as how they connected and interrelated. The more extended algorithms were almost unreachable by a chatbot and humans, and individuals needed to spend their lifetime covering them.
57. The immortal asked about budget, features, scale, safety and optimisation. The manual neuronet requested further details to answer a question. This step was akin to seeking clarification about a software engineering specification, verifying assumptions and exploring possible S2A optimisations. Manual neuronets didn’t skip rules and were more reliable than neuronets, where the data analysis and rules were written explicitly, and the dependencies of optimisations were examinable. If optimising a recursive-structure finding algorithm, the manual neuronet skipped over non-key parts and completed the task quickly and accurately.
58. The immortal checked the code from the website to correct it. The spell checker sometimes corrected individual words. It corrected phrases at a time if all the corrections were likely to be correct. It corrected individual words, if not all the corrections were likely to be correct, within the identified grammar. The grammar list included various possible choices, and there was a specific one to correct word-choice mistakes and a general one for new words with parts of speech.
59. The immortal corrected the grammar, meaning and code. The spelling corrector only corrected misspelled words. For example, it corrected some words not in the dictionary and ones very close to a correct word with the correct part of speech. Words were corrected if they resembled a word and had the correct part of speech. The algorithm left words that were correct or unknown alone.
60. The immortal supported meditators in making a return time jump daily. The death prevention algorithm for meditators worked the same way as in space. I wrote down the meditator’s ideas and algorithms and hand-breasoned them out. Each meditator was protected by a random member of 50 versions of 16,000 arguments and algorithms. Using arguments achieved general understanding, and using algorithms ensured detailed understanding.
61. The immortal supported optional structures in S2A and treated missing variables the same way if recursive variables were missing. I improved the S2A list and string optimisations by using pointers to pointers to give grammars with multiple references to grammars. I replaced optional structures with a nondeterministic choice between a unit production and the rule. I separated and called reused references once. I traced through S2G and S2A to test that they handled S2G test 15 similarly.
62. The immortal used the quantum supercomputer to support the simulation, the star alliance, space travel and the universal internet. I called the higher-dimensional computer a quantum computer because it was classical and communicates with the quantum box. A higher-dimensional computer is created from our universe, has slightly different data across infinite dimensions, and produces different results on each machine instance. It is created using a quantum state by a classical algorithm, and the machine results are collected using an object reader. The exponential list of machine instances is created, collected from and closed using a hierarchy of machines.
63. The immortal compiled safety, failsafe and error-catching routines that ensured the robot would function properly. I used the manual neuronet for a robot that interacts with objects. I devised a circuit that generated artificial gravity. This circuit saved lives and made long-distance space travel possible. The robot needed a manual neuronet for science, art, and other purposes to check its planned words, thoughts, and behaviour in different simulated circumstances.
64. The immortal maintained positive function to correct errors in the quantum energy system that provided clean energy to cities, spacecraft, and flying vehicles. The system’s algorithm contained security features to prevent disruption to the power supply and a clock that automatically kept the time. The algorithm uniquely computed the number sum every four quadrillionths of a second, sometimes less than this for larger ships. This algorithm required quantum computers. One quadrillion is one followed by fifteen zeroes. This value is related to the number of quantum power generators necessary for flight.

65. The immortal became a spiritual surgeon, using computers to operate on patients and based decisions on object reading data. I studied Medicine and operated with noninvasive surgery, such as life support, prevention, organism behaviour change and possible surgery using spiritual technologies, for example, switching off disease switches, possibly using time travel and body replacement. The “replacement” body would have to be sourced from an earlier origin, aged with the person’s immortality history, and perhaps changes gently phased in over time. There are ethical concerns, such as the rate of making these changes, especially in very sick patients. Life support using death prevention could extend their lives until they recover.
66. The immortal removed pathogens from the simulation, indirectly helping patients. There are also ethical concerns with meditation, prevention, and organism behaviour change, where a doctor or system would need meditation training and gentle enough systems that patients wouldn’t mind. For example, in the commerce skill of mind reading, the best time to introduce the effects of meditation based on a patient’s thoughts would be used. I am still determining whether a simulation requiring additional thought and movement data to today’s writing LLMs to care for patients properly would be necessary. This simulation would, directly and indirectly, facilitate patient health and the spiritual maintenance of surgical results.
67. The immortal prioritised the steps needed to achieve their goals and set up a research institute. Today, simulation elements such as time travelling, preventing disease or headaches (and managing accredited institutions) using “glitches” in the universe are possible. A full-scale simulation requires computers to monitor, manage, and protect inhabitants, support writing, thoughts, and behaviour, and base the simulation on a repeating period. A higher-dimensional light computer requiring a quantum power source is necessary to control the simulation to cope with demand. Time travel is needed for inhabitants to take part in the simulation repeatedly.
68. The immortal stated that a light computer is necessary for space and remote generators for medical life support. Life support is death prevention using immortality technology. Quantum power generators for a light computer are required for a self-sufficient power source. It could be done through a laptop or other device but is more reliable if done through an uninterruptable power supply, which could include a light notebook. If the patient lost the computer or were in jeopardy, they would need an emergency room and life support.
69. The immortal stated that a light computer teleports photons to avoid trillions of fibre optic cables needed. A single type of circuit, replicated in a higher-dimensional computer, could cope with demand. At least, the circuit would abstract away functions using software. The circuit is simulated through another computer that would need to optimise light computing, teleporting, and creation/destruction components. The light might pass through the circuitry in another dimension, giving ultra-fast results on a splay (sic) in the home dimension.
70. The immortal gradually replaced electronic with photonic components. A chemical well battery contains chemical energy to convert to light. Components manipulate the light signal in a binary state based on polarisation. The speed and accuracy of object reading and projecting the photons is relatively slow, requiring a higher-dimensional computer to do it more quickly. Object reading can reach an accurate facsimile of a signal with enough passes, error checking, and security using a checksum.
71. The immortal used higher-dimensional computer processors or time-travelled data concurrently. The light computer produces less pollution, is compatible with the higher-dimensional power generator, and can produce quantum gravity and power in space. Lasers produced by the generator would need to be safely housed if used in space, with adequate safety precautions and failsafe backup systems, possibly where the space laser is in another dimension that can be shut off, and the ship or equipment receives the power. The light computer is more feasible than an electronic computer because it uses less energy and is faster and more compact because it is a higher-dimensional computer. Used photons are vaporised or shut off in another dimension.
72. The immortal constructed the circuit from materials critical for photonic transfer and polarisation (or placement). I increased the memory of the 16-bit circuit using higher-dimensional computing. It could be done more or less. I supported Prolog through C code and assembly code. I designed, debugged, simulated, and printed the circuit.
73. The immortal used a higher-dimensional power generator instead of amplification, where power generation occurs safely in another dimension. The light circuit had no connections, only teleporters. It was like a crystal set; it had no external power, was powered by the received signal or another quantum power source, and could teleport light signals. It required more power to teleport light but had the same speed as radio waves. Radio waves, including light, do not interfere with each other, creating problems with the amplification of power.
74. The immortal planned their time and smelt the roses. I upgraded the light computer and software to prove Moore’s Law. Moore’s law states that the number of transistors on an integrated circuit will double every two years with a minimal rise in cost, which can be applied to higher-dimensional light circuits. Higher-dimensional processors can be doubled in these circuits every two years, although any number is available anytime. The computing student used mathematical proof that one idea will recursively lead to endless other ideas.
75. The immortal maintained the professional relationship. I used mind-reading to create customers. I found the customers’ high-quality thoughts, wrote 250 algorithms and arguments based on them, and met professional requirements. Each customer had a few minutes to be examined. Enabling mind-reading allowed the staff to help the customers with their work—and business-related questions.
76. The immortal checked each breasoning was clean. I cleaned the breasonings by deleting or adding a part to ensure the integrity of mind-reading. I helped students write, debug, and test code, scan objects for medical research, and invented the universal internet. The Star Alliance helped its members, and their simulations remained peaceful. I discovered futuristic, spiritual inventions to help make progress and used pedagogy as a foundation for research.
77. The immortal found that business units were sales, objects or thoughts, each needing mind-reading at least one high-quality thought. I cleaned the breasonings by asking the lecturer about fifty breasonings (arguments and algorithms). Arguments started as grammatically as simple as possible, and algorithms were optimised and could have features removed or added. Mind reading helped give a customer the confidence to buy a product or a student to do work. I expanded one mind-read word into 50 more words and met the 16k breasoning professional requirement.
78. The immortal claimed that higher education or top-level providers helped students with 250 breasonings. This value was calculated to cover student thoughts and have time for everyone. I automatically prepared for students, compiling a report of their comments and feedback when meeting in person. To add a part to a breasoning to clean it, I combined two of my philosophies or combined philosophy and a Grammar Logic (GL) term. Each set of 250 breasonings was given 16k arguments and algorithms.
79. The immortal used an object reader to assess and be assessed using security clearances. I printed out word segments (from the read text) and whole words found with the object reader. I breasoned out 50 to 250 breasonings per word. I split the buffer by non-alphabetic characters and removed those with lengths less than two or three characters. I processed the previous, not the word segment currently being constructed.
80. The immortal used high-quality thoughts to make a preliminary mind map of ideas, features or plans. The customer or the employee helped approve or reject the high-quality thoughts. They had high distinctions in terms of collection, synthesis, and development. If they tried to reject all of them, they had to keep one or redo the scan. If there were no high-quality thoughts, the scan needed to be repeated.