Immortality 29

1. The immortal captured and changed a simple algorithm using natural language. I connected and wrote additions to simple algorithms to achieve the desired effect. I had the algorithm in my mind's eye. I knew what changes it needed to work. I focused on natural language, which specified each type of simple algorithm.
2. The immortal claimed the other algorithm was incomplete but inspiring. I changed the algorithm, starting bottom-up with the more extended algorithm. I wrote the bottom predicates first. Below them, I wrote the driver algorithm. I aimed for clarity about simplicity in the neuronetwork, not one that appeared to achieve complex results.
3. The immortal wanted features that were new or attractive to explore. I found the human-like features of the algorithm that I wanted. If I wanted the feature, it was human-like. The computer wanted to help. The computer wanted harmony to reduce stress and encourage human achievement.
4. The immortal wrote a concise Prolog compiler for a smaller system. I took the way of thinking from my text. I explored three-level syntheses of texts. These started with texts focusing on themselves. Then, I applied different books to each other.
5. The immortal described the human whims through the times. I delivered the information to the user's fingertips. The latest neuronetwork appeared to suggest ideas about, not finish ideas. I claimed that any idea could be simplified. Human-demanded features were intuitive yet challenging to program.
6. The immortal claimed the neuronetwork was deep. It wasn't easy to write all parts of the neuronetwork. They were written by hand. The bottom parts appeared to clear away parts, sometimes unnecessarily. This criticality could be interpreted as creativity, a record of the history of thought.
7. The immortal always used all the best ideas, like a checklist. I examined humanness, which I claimed was giving a special status to preferred parts and then building on them. These parts were meditated on and prepared over time. I wrote the best ways of thinking, such as focusing on a predicate by itself. I examined it in terms of data from the rest of the algorithm.
8. The immortal mind read any question, possibly limiting to computational terms. The neuronetwork used mind reading. This attribute could be turned on or off. Mind reading used the computer as an antenna to guess identified thoughts from the length of time an argument took to breason out (spiritually think of the x, y and z dimensions). I repeated GL (Grammar Logic) ideas, found using mind reading until they were recorded.
9. The immortal skipped over neuronetworks by writing an algorithm that modified algorithms for different data structures and recognised the need for more complicated processing derived from existing algorithms. The neuronetwork's mind reading improved ideas. Detailed music mind reading (using a decision tree) gave instruments a more resounding, three-dimensional sound. It and crystal reading could be applied to GL texts and algorithms. Detailed mind reading would traverse a decision tree of a dictionary or a possible set of commands.
10. The immortal used ontologies to join needed parts together using types. The complex processing was derived from existing algorithms. I identified the standard core processes. For example, I wrote a post-processing algorithm for "find dependencies" that grouped clauses from dependencies by grouping clauses and comparing versions. I assumed the latest version of different parties' attempts at parts of the repository (in which versions were compared) contained all features, and a maximum of these two versions could be merged.
11. The immortal gauged the neuronetwork on a simple slider. The neuronetwork improved ideas by removing thoughts until just before losing meaning. It did this to achieve creativity in the name of function. There was a top result in this category. The neuronetwork found this result.
12. The immortal was hungry for future technologies. The model lost meaning by being too simple. There was a slider inside the neuronetwork. It had the settings simple, give the bottom-up question's answer or categories for an answer, research the answer more complex and genius. Genius instantly created an extended algorithm, explaining it in documentation and future directions.
13. The immortal created a longer compiler with all commands and code C-compatible. I was the primary person to my non-neuronetwork in the present. I worked out all my algorithms from first principles, understood how more complex ones were built from simpler parts and was with-it in the present. I researched how predicate IDs were tracked in the interpreter. In addition, I kept the Prolog stack, assignment stack and heap separate.
14. The immortal comma-delimited lists as arguments in predicate calls. I stored the list [1,[2],3] in the algorithm:
1
 2
3.
Also, I stored the list [1,[2,4,[5]],3] in the algorithm:
1
 2 4
  5
3.
This method pretty-printed the term. I could edit terms and argument maps quickly using this format.
15. The immortal made a presentation about the program in the form of a play, poem or song, with an unusual object-based movie and box. I saved the zeal of algorithm writing. This zeal might be a musical instrument playing a particular melody or harmony, an icon or other work I completed. I carefully presented the documentation, caveats and easter eggs for the algorithm. I captured my vision for technology or art as the seen-as version of the algorithm.
16. The immortal publicly released the vlog. I watched my video album. I filmed an interview with myself describing decisions about the interface, method or running the algorithm. I got others involved and redrafted and tested the software. I also filmed myself pretending to visit places and wrote a textual record about it. 

17. The immortal went from strength to strength. The robot encouraged the human to use full brain potential. The robot noticed the human had almost finished a reasoning. They helped them to finish it and any further reasonings this brought up. The robot helped the human to finish breasonings, correct mistakes and finish arguments.
18. The immortal examined theory, epistemology and the history of the thought. The robot encouraged mind mapping high distinctions with the student. I focused on intrareasonings (sic). This was inspired by eating fruit, by dissecting parts into finer and finer parts. I examined etymology, science and history.
19. The immortal gave the repository version numbers. I categorised knowledge as essential. I used GitL, a version control system to make certain commits public. Each commit had a version number, calculated from its API changes, new features and bug fixes. Connected repositories could be connected together, and were linked to download together.
20. The immortal defended the general algorithms, spiritually connecting them to the topic. I categorised knowledge as good and improved it. I connected between parts of texts and texts. The same inspiring ways of thinking were used. I integrated the file processor, file diff, web service and find dependencies.
21. The immortal generated multiple possible specs for a predicate and checked for unwanted extra results from predicates in Lucian CI/CD. I determined that the algorithm purpose was useful. I returned to my algorithms, using my own ideas and only publishing stable versions from GitL. I wrote on radical purposes, waiting until the version was complete before committing it, and only comitting code passed with Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD could read input from files, check for writeln "output" by converting to and from a command that checks strings and check writing to files (kept writeln and certain other commands).
22. The immortal wrote an algorithm to correct logical errors, which jumped to the simple version. The programming language was laissez-faire in that it was creative. The interpreter knew what I meant. It was open to errors, wrote code and corrected logical errors. The fourth version number type was percentage of the bug fixed, from identifying the bug, to isolating it, fixing, testing, simplifying it and testing it again.
23. The immortal identified the failure, which was necessary to fix it. I allowed customising the time limit for Lucian CI/CD testing. This was in the settings file. Some algorithms needed time to finish a computation. Others may have hung, and need to be failed.
24. The immortal called the algorithm writing algorithm the waterfall model because it worked in stages, requiring enough input to link to the human's previous ideas (in ways that the human has programmed) to build the software. The programmer was laissez-faire. The algorithm had its own life, seeming to write itself. The programmer set its aim, it initial features and way to achieve its aim with these features. I preferred user friendly, necessary features.
25. The immortal alternatively typed in the code given an interesting prompt, and the related music, which I had mind read and prepared before hand for the event. The algorithm writing algorithm required enough input to link to the human's previous ideas. I noted the date of the way of thinking. I found concordances containing it, and selected the relevant one. I chose from options and linkages, checking I understood each one.
26. The immortal's "I program" social movement emphasises the human's importance in their work, without pointing away. I linked to my ideas in ways that I had programmed. I looked at my idea, and thought, "I can use that idea in this way, and this is how to do it". It was also mind read for the time by me overnight, and I was simply handed the answer. I discarded the unknown neuronetworks, just relied on the ones in my brain, increased with music, art, details and other algorithms.
27. The immortal predicted user needs intuitively, and wrote a programming language expressing this. I wrote tight code. The algorithm writing algorithm modularised code, mimicking Prolog. Prolog compressed whole functions into maplist and findall, which could be edited and transverted (sic) to C, and languages that were elegant at the task, through empathy of a user interface or result. Transversion treated programming languages like a written language, and contained language that more easily described programming.
28. The immortal tried programming the crystal to vibrate and alert the computer when a bug had been found, a way of thinking could be used or an image was thought of. The mind reading programming language was native at mind reading, using words and objects that the mind recognised. The mind was lazy, preferring verbose (A=[B|C]) list decomposition (rather than [A|B] in a predicate call), and required developed spiritual objects to support thinking, such as detail circuits that helped with memory, weren't distracting and waited for the human to arrive at conclusions, during which a break at any time was available. A game could help the mind prefer [A|B] in a predicate call to A=[B|C] and append at first, and the pauses were realised to be necessary details for enough thinking in research. The sharp mind followed the phases of research for each thought, including inspiration, drafting, filing in code, testing and debugging, and again (twice) to simplify, and writing, to clarify the representation.
29. The immortal examined the specific quality of the crystal, for example amethyst for meditation, turquoise to help with restlessness during meditation, stimulate awareness with purple fluorite, attain depth with kunzite, enter the void with azurite and melt into golden ecstasy with rhodochrosite. The computer admitted there were exceptions if the science needed correction. The computer corrected its science if the human was part of a team, if access wasn't good enough, web access was needed or live results were needed.
30. There were recognised standards to insert mistakes in the neuronetwork if it was relied on to educate, or be changed and checked. The computer differentiated the feature. The feature was the closest to that wanted. There was enough data for it to meet the requirements. It could be differentiated with needed options.
31. The immortal wrote and performed. The physicist wanted objects and conclusions and the philosopher wanted ideas and reasons. It was easier to write philosophy. Knowledge of physics gave the ability to time travel, mind read and become immortal with these skills. With the invention of computers, people could remain immortal to their home times.
32. The immortal generated jobs with computational philosophy. I simulated the company board. Each member focused on a particular book. The company board members had reached their positions through particular business departments. The books and courses generated profit and supported industries.

