Immortality 19

1. I wrote on immortality using radical perspectives in logical possibilities that interested people and were necessary. I wrote more pieces for more information. I wrote an algorithm that composed random, spiritually exciting texts. These suggested uses for computer science from the philosopher's life. I wrote on text, test, file and documentation perspectives for normativity and related to perspectives, writing, programming and induction.
2. I encouraged people to choose themselves in immortality. I wrote details for details. For example, when selecting people to ask to participate, I considered their interests and whether they would benefit. I might choose people with similar interests or who would fit the organisation. For example, they would be interested in computer science, philosophy, and spirituality.
3. I could write logically about immortality, which was the basis for future work and discoveries. I claimed that algorithms were imaginative enough to be the form of knowledge in immortality. First, they determined that the idea was valuable and well-known. Then, they logically explored the idea. Finally, I introduced the unknown to test for compatibility, such as a program that reads my mind and offers corrections to my ideas without any warning.
4. I worked on the plan for the school during my career in immortality. I aimed for conclusions like a vector. First, I wrote the reusable connection. Then, I connected it to other parts to form a whole part. For example, I decided to become a founder of a philosophy school.
5. I wrote features simply in immortality. I wrote more and more drafts until the work was perfect. First, I wrote the algorithm simply and did this to get the recursive structure correct. Second, I wrote the second draft, which included the features. Finally, I wrote an optimised version of the algorithm.
6. I claimed I was not unusual because immortality was more natural and happy. I wrote the algorithm. I wrote the predicate head. I wrote the predicate body. I noted anything unusual.

7. I helped the person to the highest-quality thoughts (I protected top-level with working choice-points) in immortality. I wrote and compared the algorithm with the times. I rewrote if-then in Prolog in separate clauses, improving choice-point performance. I did this while writing a Prolog to C converter, which did. I posted about rewriting if-then and implemented it in my interpreter.
8. I wrote a rich database as I progressed in immortality. Algorithms properly covered all relevant ideas. I wrote the idea. I thought of an idea that covered it. This idea was the correct algorithm.
9. I used reductions in neuronetworks. Algorithms thoroughly examined logic with no flaws. I checked the logic of the sentence. I reduced the repeating structures to a pattern. I wrote the sentence, "I found the cross-intersection in the house".
10. I arrived at conclusions more quickly in immortality. I did this by creating reductions in neuronetworks. I trained the neuronetwork with reduced data for more intelligent decisions. I wrote the algorithm that reduced the data. Then, I trained the neuronetwork with it.
11. I reduced the repeating pattern to its shortest form, which was easier to analyse in immortality. Then, I produced the perfect expression with the algorithm that reduced the data. Then, I transformed the repeating pattern into an algorithm. Alternatively, I converted the repeating pattern into an operating system. Or, I altered the repeating pattern into a microprocessor.
12. And-implication, discovered in immortality, was correct and syntactical. The algorithms were logical. The algorithms used and-implication (implication with the logic table for and). I wrote if-then as separate clauses and displayed it as if-then in trace mode. This decision maintained correctness while preserving the syntax.
13. Algorithms in immortality contain steps. For example, I worked in the stream class. First, I wrote a sentence describing what the algorithm did. Then, I wrote the type statement. Finally, I wrote the first and final drafts of the algorithm.
14. I thought positively about becoming immortal. I simplified the design, eliminating bugs. I removed the steps. I shortened sentences. I simplified the data and logical structure of the algorithm.
15. I got more and more intelligent in immortality. I redrafted the algorithm. I identified the algorithm. I found where I had reached. I ordered the variables.
16. I thought perfectly correctly in immortality. I simplified the algorithm by finding the corrections. I found unnecessarily repeated variables. I found unnecessary predicates. I found excessive clauses.
17. I wrote the simple algorithm in immortality. I simplified the algorithm. I made the corrections. I listed the possible errors. I found any errors of these types.  
18. I upgraded algorithms in immortality. I found better, more specific features of algorithms. For example, I changed from labelled lists to curly brackets around types. I found the fully featured algorithm to find a reduced list from repeating data. In addition, I found the fully featured algorithm to generate an algorithm from a reduced list.
19. I wrote the chain of free variables and simplified the algorithm in immortality. If there was no value for A, B was left alone. I read B=A. I read that A had no value. So I left B undefined (as A).
20. I found missing variables in immortality. If the programmer mentioned a variable, it was equal to a value. In B=1, B=A, the result was A=1.  If B=A, B was left equalling A. If there were a conflict, then the result would be false.
21. I kept away from needless cycles in immortality. I rewrote the equals4 command to allow for cyclical data structures. I detected cycles, for example, in A=[A]. The programmer had written this structure as a cycle. If the algorithm evaluated it, it would be false unless A was undefined.
22. I became suspicious of infinite loops in immortality. When A=[A], A returned this value. If a cycle was present and the user switched on the "occurs check" flag, the command would fail. The occurs check verified whether one variable was equal to an expression containing itself. If one variable on one side that occurred in a command had a term with that variable on the other side, the command would fail.

23. Disconnected statements or sets of statements that were arguably unused, such as some verifications, were deleted in optimisation, an exercise in immortality. The programmer connected the algorithmic steps. I wrote A=1. I wrote B is A+1. The second command referred to a variable from the previous command.
24. The immortal revealed that the problem of if-then in Prolog was finished. I converted if-then to multiple clauses, i.e. <test1:-(a1(1)->b1;c1). a1(1). b1. c1.> to <test2:-a2(1,R),d2(R).   a2(1,true):-!. a2(_,false). d2(true):-b2,!.  d2(false):-c2. b2. c2.>. This conversion prevented cuts from destroying choice points when if-then was used. Multiple clauses created choice points where necessary, which the interpreter could cut properly.
25. I expanded "or" to explicitly include "b" in (a;b) if necessary in immortality. The "or" command, (a;b), was converted to (a->true;b). The algorithm converted the syntax (a->b;c) first to avoid converting (b;c) to this format. "Or" was converted, otherwise, only the first value in (a;b), "a", was given. The form (a->true;b) was usually used and was converted into multiple clauses, so (a;b) was rare but still processed as described.
26. The algorithm converted if-then statements with true or false antecedents into hierarchical clauses in immortality. Rather than programmers converting nested if-then into multiple clauses if reification was detected, if-then only tested for the truth of the antecedent, not Output in a(Input, Output) where Output = 1,2,3 etc. If-then would test whether Output = 1,2,3 separately. In this sense, the unneeded reification referred to was Output = 1,2,3, not Output = true or false. The output couldn't equal 1, 2 or 3 because antecedents could only be true or false unless the programmer used an explicit case statement.
27. I only performed needed computations in immortality. I didn't tuck in reused reification list decomposition and building because the programmer would have already tucked them in (see previous paragraph). For example, in (a(1, O1), O1=[O2, O3], O4=[2, O3],(O4=[2,1]->b;c)), if-then started after reification list decomposition and building. The algorithm would group and tuck in any repeated processing. Only O4=[2,1] needed to be the antecedent.
28. Immortality only needed simple tasks. For simplicity, I didn't need to merge (a->b;(c->d;e)) to a single set of clauses if there was one type of antecedent.  I didn't need to merge to a single set of clauses because the if-then clause was already hierarchical, and the multiple clauses would be too. The interpreter was more straightforward without this additional feature. Without an additional case command, displaying the single clauses as nested if-then statements would be too complicated.
29. Each possibility, including failure, must be accounted for in immortality. Even a C-style case statement would be in the form in the previous paragraph so that the algorithm would convert it to hierarchical clauses. In the case of a case statement with conditions with different variables, the algorithm would convert it to hierarchical clauses. For example, (a(1, R, O1, O2),(O3=2->b;(O4=3->c;d))) would be converted to a hierarchical, not a single set of clauses because the antecedents contain different variables, O3 and O4. Whether or not the converter used a single or multiple set of clauses, the reified false result before the antecedent would need to be processed.
30. I saved time by converting if-then clauses properly, preserving choice-points in immortality. One could only have a single set of clauses with nested if-then statements if the algorithm tested a single variable's value or a predicate's configuration of values. For example, (a(1,R,O1,O2),((O1=1,O2=1)->b;((O1=1,O2=2)->c;d))) converted to <test3:-a(1,O1,O2),d2(O1,O2). d2(1,1):-b2,!. d2(1,2):-c2. b2. c2.>  Groups of configurations with the same result, writing the d2 clauses in upper triangular form and failure all had to be considered. The programmer should take care with d2 clauses in the upper triangular form that logical configurations are correct.
31. A mixture of a single set of clauses testing a set of variables and multiple sets of clauses testing further computations were necessary for immortality. One could combine single and hierarchical clauses when the algorithm tested a mixture of single variable values and other variables. For example, in (a(1,R,O1,O2),((O1=1,O2=1)->b;((O1=2,O3=3)->c;d))), O2=1 and O3=3 were deleted because they were unnecessary. Then, the conversion would be similar to that in the previous paragraph. If disjunction was needed, the algorithm handled it like if-then.
32. Immortality edited simple code with effective results. For example, if a=1,b=1 or a=1,b=2, the algorithm could test them as d2(1,1) and d2(1,2) or two levels of multiple sets of clauses. The first choice is more straightforward and preferable. The traced code could display the more straightforward if-then clauses in these cases. The interpreter can debug, modify and reconvert the if-then clause on interpretation.
33. I expanded and grouped disjunction and conjunction in immortality. I handled nested disjunction. I could convert (a;b;c). I could convert (a->O2=1; O2=2) before an antecedent. I could write a phi statement (O1=[_, O2]->true; O1=O2).
34. I introduced necessary commands in programming languages in immortality. To display case-style multiple clauses in trace mode and for the sake of simplicity in debugging, a case command that converted into a single set of clauses should be introduced into Prolog. For example, (a(1,R,O1,O2),((O1=1,O2=1)->b;((O1=1,O2=2)->c;d))) could be rewritten (a(1,R,O1,O2),case([O1,O2],[[[1,1],b],[[1,2],c],[[_,_],d]])). I debugged top-level and lists. I did this by properly converting if-then clauses to sets of clauses and garbage-collecting lists.

