Immortality 21

1. The immortal simulated each part of their company. I pretended to be a bot. I breasoned out 250 breasonings to become the bot. I walked around. I took notes.
2. The immortal tested each document from three perspectives. I became three testers for it, the attraction, to work. I redrafted, or optimised the algorithm. I redrafted, or reconnected the essay.  This testing helped support students and spurned new ways of completing assignments.
3. The immortal followed rules for a perfect result each time. I wrote 50 breasonings to and from people per thought in business, education and the department concerned. The business breasonings helped give people thoughts and better establish their thoughts.  The education breasonings were appropriate for an education course, and helped them concentrate on abstract visualisation in computer science and philosophical meanings.  The home department breasonings helped them examine the thing in itself, or noumenon, and presented them with imagery that education couldn't.
4. The immortal breasoned out business, education and departmental breasonings for students' thoughts. The breasonings that the company required to be done for the student were done for the student if they didn't do them. The detector detected whether the student had done the breasonings. If they were done but breasonings were incorrect, incomplete or there weren't the right number of them, then the computer finished them. If they weren't done, then the computer performed them.
5. The immortal tested for speed, accuracy and originality of thoughts. The algorithm detected the students' thoughts.  Like program finders, there were mind readers for questions. They had leeway, for example they allowed generative art based on science. This thought, explained to the student with 250 breasonings and a spiritual screen, suited open-ended questions best.
6. The immortal wrote the practicum for the other thoughts. The detected business, education and department thoughts were the practicum for As, meaning I didn't necessarily need to do any more work. I followed their thoughts. I gave A. This was 100%.
7. The immortal followed the business format for education, which drew students and met the professional requirements. I wrote five As, for the text, lecture, and three students. I wrote 80 sentences in the text, containing algorithm specifications. I wrote 80 breasonings for the lecture about the text, a unique work. I wrote a unique A for each of three model students.
8. The immortal developed texts on different topics about a topic. The non-text As, for the lecture and three students, didn't include breasonings from the text. Instead, they were on the same topic and were original. The lecture may have the form of a secondary text, from a departmental perspective. The As for the three students may represent thoughts from one or more students.
9. The immortal thought cosmology referred to plants. I used a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, which connected all combinations of sentences, then reordered them with the permutation command. I expanded some of these as an A. The text contained all ideas in the original. The text helped synthesise or critically analyse the text.
10. The immortal focused on simulated intelligence algorithm, which helped construct the simulation. I wrote the philosophy of algorithms. I chose an algorithm.  It was the argument.  I wrote other sentences in terms of this argument, rearranging the key words each time.
11. The immortal supported his number one, experience prestigious education, his home time and the future. I supported the simulation with the Text to Breasonings, Mind Reader, Grammar Logic and Time Machine Simulated Intelligence apps. Text to Breasonings supported one's job in education or business. Mind Reader supported algorithms such as Grammar Logic to cover one's thoughts completely and meet performance requirements. Time Machine allowed people to live within the window of the government supporting Text to Breasonings and support projects at different times.
12. The immortal completed the basic assignment, then wrote more after graduating. I broke texts into 16 paragraphs. Texts that were this short could be inspirations for students to write algorithms. The texts were short because they were dense with algorithm specifications.  Each algorithm was as simple or simpler than an interpreter, and could be chosen to write.
13. The immortal chose good works to resynthesise. I wrote five times as many hidden philosophies and algorithms when they were approximated, wrote them up, then chose one out of five. I checked that the subject and object agreed with ontologies in philosophies. I checked that input and output agreed with ontologies in algorithms. I also checked that the philosophy and algorithm agreed with ontologies, and that good ideas were exhausted and poor ones were objected to.
14. The immortal changed close to correct phrasings. Instead of using a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, I modified the output of the "br alg gen" algorithm. I entered text as input to the "br alg gen" algorithm.  It produced "540 degree" mixtures of sentences, allowing for unwanted connectives. I rejected these if they didn't agree.
15. The immortal interpreted an algorithmic process in a text or manipulated an algorithm, producing another algorithm. Instead of using a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, I modified the output of the "types to alg" algorithm. It replaced parts of input, recognised patterns and pattern matched to produce output with an algorithm. It could transform texts or algorithms with pattern matching.  I checked whether the transformations were correct with ontologies.
16. The immortal wrote ontologically corrected texts. I produced a text from an algorithm from an interpreted algorithmic process. I entered a text about pouring liquid into a cup and a text about mathematical subtraction. I found the algorithm about removing liquid.  I wrote this as a sentence.

cs book with data transformations in projects, with specs

Cw per ass

Save on desktop 


Ticket system

Cws for medium, tickets 
Web, edu, bus cws for web

Eh for medium without publishing 

Accessibility 

Non Bot check in login

Accessibility in this

50 cws per 50 A phil


16. *


 find last point in imm 1 as basis
 