["Green, L 2024, <i>Immortality 20</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Immortality 20

1. The immortal differentiated list expressions from earlier ones with additional data. I produced modified list expressions. For example, I converted symbols to symbols. Or, I added more or flattened levels. Alternatively, I changed atoms to other atoms, sometimes with a three-way replacement.

2. The immortal described art in terms of terms. I wrote additional data to differentiate new list expressions from old ones. This data might be \"first item\",..., \"item n\", or types of types, such as musical note 1 or rectangle shape. For example, instead of writing [number, number], I wrote [[v,a1],[v,a2]], which corresponded to other instances of variables. I could also write [[\"music note frequency\",1],[\"music note frequency\",2]], which helped with searching, where I differentiated from past musical stories. I could also write [\"rectangle\", \"hole\"] to design a post box.
3. The immortal wrote a website that hosted APIs. I create an API host with State Saving Interpreter Web Service. It hosted educational APIs. It also hosted business APIs. Finally, it hosted programming APIs.
4. The immortal wrote software that didn't finish the work but prompted thought. I hosted educational APIs. I tutored the student. Or I assisted the teacher. Finally, I wrote a chatbot that helped clarify the idea.
5. The immortal identified the value system when programming. I wrote software that didn't finish the work but prompted thought. It finished it and helped the student understand it. It had an education A. It clearly explained the ideas, giving the prerequisite ideas and catering for grade 3 readers, including disabled students.
6. The immortal sketched the compiler's flowchart, writing how a program could generate it. I identified the value system when programming. I drew a square and wrote what I was currently doing in it. I connected the knowledge that I had worked out to it. I identified good, better and best methods of writing a feature and bug checking, thinking of reasons for the best ones, which I did, and objections to the others.
7. The immortal stated that the interpreter and compiler went in circles. I wrote how a program could generate the compiler. I developed the predicates one at a time. I drafted the algorithm, finding similar predicates. I minimised the set of predicates and the number of variables.
8. The immortal entered changes using an algorithm. I wrote the best ways of writing features. First, I mind-mapped the way of doing it. Second, I kept the code uniform. Finally, I wrote small non-uniform changes down to delete or carry out across the system.
9. The immortal kept a log of positive or debugging changes, filed into pattern-matching or unpredictable commands, and made similar ones automatically later. I entered modifications to the algorithm using an algorithm. It checked whether the change should be by itself, affect a subset of parts or all relevant parts. I wrote the family of values and set of affected variables. I simplified and wrote reused code (for example, I stored choice points in a standard format).
10. The immortal automated suggestions or changes to code. The algorithm checked whether the change should be by itself, affect a subset of parts or all relevant parts. I sometimes performed this checking using neuronetworks. There was a text file containing the control structure, and there were needed predicates and commands in the compiler (string to list had commands inserted to expand to error-producing code). The command was either changed, had a condition inserted, or there were two copies for different cases.
11. The immortal verified the results of changes. The change to \"and\" or \"or\" in the compiler's control structure was needed to align with non-deterministic or other results required, errors and the need to minimise the code. The user pruned these if there were unwanted multiple or non-multiple results (including true or false results). Errors in each part of the algorithm were registered and passed up to previous levels before being caught. Also, changes triggered relevant testing and any minimisation needed.
12. The immortal modified functional calls, simplifying queries. The change was made to the functional call, streamlining or eliminating intermediate predicates. A functional call contains other function calls, for example, z=j(1,f(g(x),y)). I could change j and f to h, simplifying the call and eliminating j and f. Another parameter may be passed with the new intermediate predicate call, modifying it.
13. The immortal responded to the question. I wrote an analytics app for my website. The analytics app was a password-protected website. It contained information about prospective customers, qualified leads and sales. It listed prep data and allowed communication with clients.
14. The immortal tracked and worked out the best assignments and code. I wrote the family of values and set of affected variables. I wrote whether the family was positive integers or 2, 4, 6, ..., etc. I wrote the variables that the value transformation affected. Also, the algorithm used real data and verification with types statements to determine whether a family value assignment affected a particular pathway. The possibility of failure was mapped and avoided.
15. The immortal filed each data structure away. I wrote and redrafted reused code and simplified it (for example, I stored choice-points in a standard format). I wrote the type of choice-point, such as predicate or command. I optimised the blue cut by combining the parts in a single C-function, with if-then conditional on the truth value of the antecedent statements. I could then access, modify and delete choice-points quickly.
16. The immortal compiled a list of Prolog commands, listing their predicate or hard-coded basis. I used modules to turn features on and off. I ran modules as predicates. The feature (predicate) could be loaded when needed. I could unload (delete) the predicates when required, with lists of dependencies of each predicate.
17. The immortal converted the list to a string, for example, (1,\":\",[a,b,c]) to (1:[abc]). To do this, I compiled the best ways of debugging. For example, I tried debugging with the State Saving Interpreter, which could enter the program to debug at any point. In addition, I wrote a string type checker with a list expression, which helped verify input strings. These list expressions could be rapidly converted into grammars or left as call parameters.
18. The immortal checked the work. I tutored the student. I avoided giving them the answer, instead helping them with specific questions as they worked it out. I only helped them if they were struggling. I recorded the notes about the exchange.
19. The immortal wrote software to coordinate the student's learning and reports about it to the teacher. I assisted the teacher. The teacher spent time doing something else, usually spent cutting cardboard, while the computer ran software to do this. The computer helped each student, using monitoring and assistance, helping the teacher multi-task. The algorithm could help even pedagogy and summaries of key points to help students read.
20. The immortal programmed the program to give ear to ideas. I wrote a chatbot that helped clarify the statement that the user told it. The psychology was to help the user breason out (check objects they mentioned) and articulate specific questions. For example, a professor asked whether questions were embarrassing. After each entry, the program asked, \"If there is nothing else, then is there anything else?\".
21. The immortal wrote APIs that helped employees with business reasoning, analysis, confidence, and home troubles. The website hosted business APIs. One API found the main points of a document and commented on it, showing its reasoning. Another API scored the quality of reason in correctness, detail and analysis. A third API detected employee pedagogical effort, including the quality of returns to them.
22. The immortal created a book about each algorithm celebrating its flowchart, features and jokes. To do this, the director hosted programming APIs on the site. An API wrote in the style of planning, completing features, debugging or catching \"hacking\" the program when tired. Another API had a slider to critique from \"encouraging\" and \"suggestive\" to \"security and performance-conscious\". An augmented API made suggestions to improve code, such as its formatting, uniformity and apps that stood alone in history.
23. The immortal approached C-compiler speed. I wrote a website that contained a website generator/writer. It devised bios/autobios. It also recorded a person's life as they made discoveries. More than a website editor, it added breasoning, number ones, secret twists and logic to texts.
24. The immortal produced a single predicate that processed the list. I verified that lists of lists, not just repeating parts of lists, were supported in the \"types to alg\" algorithm. Before this, I checked that [a, b, a, b] worked. Then, I checked that [[a,b],[a,b]] worked.  In each of these cases, the algorithm grouped like parts together.
25. The immortal wrote on any or a new idea. I wrote an algorithm for the Academy in State Saving Interpreter Web Service. The algorithm allowed enrolments and submitting assignments and suggested paraphrasing set texts. Another algorithm allowed writing on up to five texts from two different departments. This interdisciplinary analysis strengthened my knowledge about bonds in computational philosophy.
26. The immortal allowed people to use their apps without installing other software. I tested the Messager app and different State Saving Interpreter Web Service algorithms. I tested Messager, which allowed users to enter and save messages in the terminal and online. I could run other Prolog algorithms online, such as the Vetusia text adventure and image, platform games or video editors. I considered selling or teaching about my Prolog algorithms online.
27. The immortal listed and sold their software. I sold my Prolog algorithms online. I licensed the use of Music Composer to help rapidly produce songs. I allowed the use of Essay Helper to create essay drafts. Also, I sold my List Prolog interpreters, at least education materials or licenses, for web development.
28. The immortal made money from teaching logic programming online with interactive exercises, such as a term or definition quiz. I taught about my Prolog algorithms online. I wrote a documentation book with the List Prolog commands for users to read before writing algorithms. I gave short examples of programs: search, multi-variable findall, and command or file completion. Command completion included file string, atom and list completion.
29. The immortal labelled the interpreter's binding table method (member, delete and append). To do this, I listed the education skills As. After writing the skills, such as sort, append or foldr, I wrote about their ease of use, how a student could use them, and concordances showing their instances in real programs. A student may have encountered the command early or frequently, increasing its ease of use. They could be used in different ways, with various modes for each argument and applied to multiple arts, and they could fit into other algorithm methods, also labelled.
30. The immortal experimented to discover what was possible in accreditation, such as sureness about and heading for conclusions. I helped Computer Science students with accreditation. They could more easily visualise writing algorithms. I gave the question. I helped them with the answer.
31. The immortal also taught logic, which required spatial visualisation. I helped Philosophy students with accreditation. The student had the confidence to connect the ideas. They could understand the writing. The student thought of magnificent thoughts.
32. The immortal accessed a building block, a key idea behind an algorithm. In Computer Science accreditation, there were three entry points to a building block. First, there were ten handwritten breasonings; the rest were 250 quantum box or grammar logic breasonings. Second, an entry to a building block was writing shorter, simpler versions of algorithms, such as find lists and gen alg by themselves. Third, an entry point wasn't starting with Prolog facts (like data), rules and predicates but with simple cases, such as in a primer.
33. The immortal infused the student with knowledge of accreditation. In Philosophy accreditation, teachers could help students to connect with associated texts in a range of easiness from grade level 3 and up. It wasn't necessarily true that, like Computer Science, the student needed several Computer Science details or that the student needed two uses (of arguments and algorithms) for sentences and connections, also like Computer Science. Instead, perhaps, a grid of 5*5 details with a column for each paragraph and five reasons with links, even sort algorithms were required.
34. The immortal learned how students were working from their questions. I wrote the Computer Science Frequently Asked Question list. I received the inquiry. I checked whether I had already answered it or whether it was a variant and needed an updated answer. I updated the answer.
35. The immortal set the AI search or interpreter as the project. I wrote the Computer Science assignment specification. I wrote the problem. I described the method the algorithm should use through the data. Finally, I wrote the required test cases in the data folder.
36. The immortal read about immortality. I taught about immortality in accreditation. It contained the method for becoming immortal. The texts were critically analysable. The course was recommended for immortals and reflected society's direction.
37. After the immortal automated copywriting, they could conduct business. I taught business in accreditation. The students could access business technologies. They could prevent headaches. They could sell. They could meet their chosen clients.
38. The immortal covered the lectures. The lecturer worked on 80 breasonings and 80 algorithms for the lecture. This document was separate from the set text. The secondary texts also had breasonings. The arguments contained connections and comments.
39. The immortal helped the students with the pedagogical ways of thinking. The lecturer worked on 80 breasonings and 80 algorithms per comment made by a student during the lecture. Often the student would do this too. Other students could join in. The students helped, and some learnt to be lecturers.
40. The immortal wrote the skill basis for the algorithm. The course writer wrote education As for students with mind reading about skills. These were the secret examples of algorithms. A lecturer worked on an education A for student As. The A contained lists of skills thought of in student breasonings, and the algorithms for these (for example, addition) may be 1+1=2.
41. The immortal kept a log of thoughts and thanked the institution. The institution supported students' education-related thoughts for 3-4 years after the student finished the qualification. The computers detected and completed thoughts for this time. I encouraged the student to think of the idea using the A. I experienced that the industry sometimes contained more complicated thoughts.
42. The immortal studied many areas of study within philosophy. I wrote what the education skills As contained. They contained philosophical terms. Also, they included possible connections. They also had ontologies of probable reasonings.
43. The immortal recognised and thought clearly about the list. The writer wrote (lists of) lists as part of education skills As. Lists could contain data. This data could be processed. Usually, the writer decomposed the list and then built a new one.
44. The immortal analysed longer texts (with simple ideas) and many combinations of logical rules. The writer wrote command names as part of education skills As. The commands were in groups, such as mathematics, string or list manipulation. The lecturer ranked the commands from most to least relevant for a task. They were also ranked easiest to hardest.
45. The immortal wrote about recursion in terms of lists. The writer wrote recursion as part of education skills As. The writer taught recursion in the Prolog primer. It was recognised as needed in the exercises. It recurred inside other recursive loops and at the bottom of predicates.
46. The immortal learned Computer Science by writing input and output regarding types. The writer wrote multi-predicate recursion, or intermediate predicates, as part of education skills As. Recursion in multiple predicates involved lists of lists. Students wrote type statements in the first semester. In Haskell, each function outputted one variable. 
47. The immortal wrote As for each skill. The immortal listed the skill. He mind-mapped philosophical terms related to the skill. He interpreted these. He wrote an argument about the skill. 
48. The immortal mind-mapped uses for recursion. The writer wrote an A about the skill of using recursion. They wrote an A for anything (that could be processed). They wrote an A for processing this data. They did this when they identified data that needed to be processed using recursion.
49. The immortal was an expert on hidden neuro-algorithms. The A-argument discussed the ethics of a particular type of induction. They debated whether it could create jobs. They also discussed whether it would cost jobs in some cases. Students should work out problems rather than rely on algorithms.

50. The immortal's religion was 4*50 As. In my big moment, I recommended writing 80 breasonings and a $1 copywritten sentence to finish the 4*50 As. I wrote 4*50 As per algorithm. The main aim was to write 4*50 As per book. The copywritten text also helped me overcome big ideas in the course.
51. The immortal processed the data first and entered data quickly at the end. Then, I wrote a mini-text to breasonings algorithm, which stored dictionaries as terms and was the same speed. Then, I finished the available breasonings. At the end, I prompted the user for missing objects. Also, I prompted the user for missing breasonings.
52. The immortal breasoned out medicine about education to help relax the student. I breasoned out the medicine arguments to help improve the feeling of customers. I listed each organ system. I breasoned out an A for each one. As a result, the customers felt refreshed and well.
53. The immortal breasoned out medicine about education to help relax the student. I breasoned out the medicine arguments to help relax the student. The task was simple. The algorithm was as tricky as the interpreter. The student relaxed her muscles and could focus on the task.
54. The immortal professor completed administration work. After that, I decided to start my business. I focused my time on high-quality tasks, such as original writing. For example, there was a 250 breasoning argument for a comment. I wrote the philosophy, then pressed the button at the end.
55. The immortal wrote the autobot. I followed the customer around the website. They bought the course. They completed the assignment. I prepared for each action they took.
56. The immortal helped the customer to repurchase the product with an A. I asked, what are three things in sales? It could refer to three drafts of an essay. Or, it could refer to three drafts of an algorithm. 
Or, it could refer to both or professional development in repeatedly buying the product.
57. The immortal wanted a particular course on an occasion. I wrote the A for buying a course. I imagined being the customer. 
I read my mind and wrote the questions I had about the product. I wrote the answers.
58. The immortal collected answers to recurring questions to save time. I wrote an A for doing the assignment. I imagined being the student. I completed the assignment. If I had a question at a point, I wrote it down. I wrote down the answer to the question.
59. The immortal tested each departmental product three times. I pretended to be the autobot. I did everything that the person would do. I checked that their pathway was clear. I saved the notes and prepared the setting for the real person.
60. The immortal preferred studying the minimum number of courses and used copywriting for other customers. I completed the Chinese Medicine course regularly. It relaxed my muscles. I had no headaches. Lucianic medicine uses MBA technology to prevent headaches.
61. The immortal ensured that the systems were smoothly running. I wrote the pedagogical arguments about immortality, bots and sales. I could recline in time. During this, I could attract employees and customers. I asked if \"ticketing\" is an industry to help customers in open source software.
62. The immortal optimised the algorithm by minimising it for safety. First, I wrote the deterministic finite automaton (DFA) minimisation algorithm. Then, I detected the sections which connected to the same nodes. Then, I deleted them and reconnected the severed connections. Finally, I redid the loops until it was complete.
63. The software customer paid the immortal. I made the paid ticketing system in the state-saving interpreter, with payments for the software customer. The software customer typed their question into the website. It helped improve and shape the direction of the software. The profits helped pay for costs.
64. The philosophy student paid the immortal. I made the paid ticketing system in the state-saving interpreter, with payments for the philosophy student. The philosophy student typed their question into the website. The lecturer answered the student's questions. This ticketing system helped pay for philosophy teaching costs.
65. The computer science student paid the immortal. I made the paid ticketing system in the state saving interpreter, with payments for the computer science student. The computer science student typed their question into the website. The student asked a question, and the database software or lecturer replied. This ticketing system helped pay for computer science teaching costs.

66. The course customer paid the immortal. I made the paid ticketing system in the state-saving interpreter, with payments for the course customer. The course customer typed their question into the website. It helped the representative help the customer, who may have a question about a possible discount, accessibility or a refund, which helped the representative. The profits helped pay for costs.
67. The computational philosophy paid the immortal. I wrote the philosophy. I wrote the algorithm about it. I wrote the article describing how the algorithm worked, possibly with diagrams. The topics included graphics systems, interpreters and converters from Prolog to C in Prolog.
68. The immortal introduced new students to their works. I wrote introductions to my philosophy on the website. I wrote the philosophy. I described what it meant. This description involved writing specific headings and linking to algorithms and software.
69. The immortal sped up the generation and performance of apps. I wrote the State Saving Interpreter Web Service algorithms on the website. I wrote the login system. I wrote the messager system, with Learning Content Management System and ticketing systems. I also hosted checked APIs for free.
70. The immortal wrote application program interfaces to, for example, provide code and run an app. I wrote the API. The API ran a program on a server for particular clients. It remained logged in and was for free or a fee. The client ran the API from within an app or web page, displaying the API results.
71. The immortal wrote their app from the ground up. I answered the academy questions. For example, I read the student's code so far. If they specifically asked how to debug a particular bug, I helped them. This help sped up the learning process.
72. The immortal taught business students how to become immortal. I argued that State Saving Interpreter Web Service helped simplify processes. It didn't require the user to install Prolog on the client side. It could run Simulated Intelligence apps like Text to Breasonings, Mind Reader, Grammar Logic or Time Machine. I quickly worked out how to become immortal after learning about time travel.
73. The immortal adhered to security standards in the login program. I completed the web login algorithm. I registered an account on the system. I entered my login credentials. I could access my lost details and contact the webmaster if I lost access to email.
74. The immortal wrote a ticketing system to avoid costs, which integrated with my algorithms. I accepted payments for the ticket plan. This way, I could earn income from services and support for my open-source software. I needed to pay for my costs. I could add features or help with the programming language.
75. The immortal created ISO, C and induction Prolog features. I could add features. For an additional fee, I could add features that I agreed with. I would help as much as possible. I could help clients build a system, the parts of which the user accessed through the web.
76. The immortal made the knowledge base available. I helped with the programming language. I liked the simple method more. This simple method was part of the knowledge base. Otherwise, I helped with methods, appropriate commands and performance in induction.
77. The immortal sped up help to those who needed it. I built integrated algorithms into the ticketing algorithm. When the technical support officer had already answered a question or required technical information, they could access it. If the customer had entered data so far that helped answer the question, the technical support officer could pull it up. If the customer had experienced a problem with their data, algorithm or interpreter, they could report it, and the officer could help with it using screenshots or error messages.
78. The immortal helped the user with their support, programming or writing questions. The user took a ticket from the ticketing system. This ticket meant that they registered a comment, question or complaint. The officer on duty would reply within 1-2 business days. For some questions, the turnaround may be 1 hour.
79. The immortal partially automated support. The ticketing system alerted the admin by email. The admin logged in to the ticketing system, based on Messager, and answered the question. All that was required was a forum that could run some Prolog code. For example, it could run code that didn't access files or could, if the overseer provided it, and it was safe.
80. The immortal spent the day reading, writing and coding. Writing example Prolog algorithms helped new users learn and borrow code. I wrote the code and the \"briefing\" report. I spent 10-15 minutes daily responding to others on their pages. I gathered supporters and donated the money to philosophy.
"]