["Green, L 2024, <i>Immortality 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Immortality 30

I transitioned to eternal life.

1. The immortal recommended meditation. I checked, and I had what I needed. I felt well mentally. I had the prerequisite pedagogy. I was firm in wealth.
2. The immortal listened to guide tracks and wrote algorithms to help write more arguments. I planned what I would do. I calculated the extent of my philosophy. I kept writing. I wrote exercises and new ideas.
3. The immortal wrote an algorithm that found which program finder to use. I replaced CAW and neuronetworks with program finders. I listed the pre-written algorithms. I wrote and detected options for them. The options enabled feature modules.
4. The immortal was honourable, collecting full breasonings for business. I lived and travelled each day. Travelling was necessary for results. I saw people, breasoned out breasonings and remained healthy. I recognised and got to know people, some of whom were from my time.
5. The immortal remained fully functioning in education. I enrolled in education during my life. I chose business. I worked on my business. It was essential to start.
6. The immortal chose 4*50 As instead of nothingness. I practised single-pointedness in meditation. Single-pointedness meant daily meditation. I replaced my body just before leaving, in a new and old time. I breasoned out 4*50 As for meditation, time travel and age-freezing medicine using BAG (breasoning algorithm generator).
7. The immortal was content and purposeful. I stretched and kept my body supple. I practised yoga and qigong daily. I went for daily walks. I rested each day.
8. The immortal had excellent conduct, and the work was rigorous. I was fair and understanding. I listened to the comments, feedback and questions. I identified whether the customer needed help completing a task, whether the system needed to be interacted with or whether to get help. I improved the way of helping, the system and the information library.
9. The immortal had enough to keep going. I had As for the origin of consciousness. I wrote on classic ideas or ideas that remained in demand and were written originally. In the meantime, I practised mind reading myself and developing systems. I made a system for group work in computer science and projects original to the academy.
10. The immortal's philosophy was web, MIDI and shells. I developed office software, a sound sequencer and a movie rig. The office software could mind-read input. The sound sequencer could mind-read input. And the movie-making rig could mind-read input.
11. The immortal stated that multiple-window (terminal or web) apps could be converted to a single window. I wrote a multiple-window terminal app. It could be converted to a web app. Each window had its algorithm. They communicated using the hard disk and responded to each other.
12. The immortal mind read and completed qualifications spiritually. I delisted, ranked in priority and bulk-processed necessary tasks. These could be moved to the server or a smartphone. I completed tasks to support students. The main thoughts had always been done.
13. The immortal stayed there with an A. I completed three things, then completed the role-play and helped with moral completion. I knew the answers and felt comfortable emoting (sic) them. There was enough pedagogy from before. I added new ideas to the pedagogy.
14. The immortal wrote the questions and responses. I simulated my academy. I had conversations with the chatbot from perspectives about easy, middle-range, and difficult questions about my lecture. There were found-out algorithms and pitfalls. The seen-as version was a setting from a text adventure game, in which skills needed to be collected and puzzles completed.
15. The immortal swapped computer science and philosophy but thought both could be computer science. I predicted conversations while bookselling and helping students with algorithms. I found what hooked potential buyers and had conversations with them about my philosophy. I found common questions and helped programming students with enough thoughts to continue (in seen-as and difficulty-solving ways). In other words, I prayed and worked.
16. The immortal gave the example of Lucian CI/CD, which took the best of the current and previous versions of an algorithm, also suggesting using type and test finders and program finders to complete code. Philosophy helped analyse the thing-in-itself (the noumenon), abstract ideas espousing superior thinking skills and the ability to think generally and inspiringly. I wrote the best algorithms. The students wrote their version and their history and philosophy of science. The history and philosophy of the science of algorithms cut theory to the essence and applied the most intelligent perspectives.

I transitioned to eternal life by finding 4*50 As.

17. The immortal stated that 4*50 As were the gateway to results. I wrote many books. I wrote Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG). BAG interpreted the As, which I felt confident related to new ideas. I wrote the systems and updated the content.
18. The immortal noticed that meditation smoothed their way and increased it. I performed the tasks on my side to maintain immortality. I studied, stayed supple, took no risks with my health, wrote, replaced my body and meditated. In return, the kind people provided the simulation, medicine and protection in the simulation with meditation. I did my part at home, and there were slight differences from my home time, such as meeting new people.
19. The immortal took care of themself in the simulation. I kept a journal of the minor differences I noticed during the simulation. A duck appeared to be all right after almost being attacked. Accidents could be avoided. By staying relaxed, I avoided injury.
20. The immortal espoused the advantages of breasonings and educational advancement. I made friends and talked with people. I went for walks. I saw people and helped them with the simulation. I sold signed copies of my book with an insert with the link to my immortality software.
21. The immortal examined themselves and others in medicine. I emphasised 4*50 anti-ageing medicine, meditation and time travel with high distinctions per dimension per day. I boosted the As for the location I was leaving at the start of the day. I emphasised As to keep both the outer-home self and future self young. Visiting the simulation and indicating As kept the actual self young, but home As kept the self immortal to one's home time.
22. The immortal revisited learning about breasonings. I wrote 80-breasoning As but didn't want to go grey waiting to finish 4*50 As. I studied computer science and philosophy. These majors helped detail the 4*50 As, and creative writing and education courses helped. I wrote BAG, which inspired and met these requirements. 
23. The immortal described how arguments and algorithms led to further ones. After studying, I earned jobs at the meditation company and as an actor on the screen. I started a pedagogy club at the school (starting with no attendees). I learned how to indicate breasonings after an education course. I wrote arguments, which gave me the confidence to write more extended arguments.
24. The immortal studied and wrote on departments. I wrote 80, 130 and 250 breasonings for A, A+ and 100% (in impression). I wrote 250 breasonings as a symbol of 4*50 As. I controlled and helped my health with 250 medicine quantum box breasonings (stopping unwanted appearances, muscle aches and headaches). Writing 250 breasonings gave me the confidence to write 50 As, which gave me the confidence to write 4*50 As.
25. The immortal stated that inductively finding new algorithms was akin to creativity, their argument for Theology. I wrote the Interpreter and Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) 50 As after writing Computational English, Pedagogy and Meditation 50 As. It was vital that the breasonings were vegetarian and that the person led a healthy lifestyle. I wrote on the interpreter as part of Popology. In addition, I wrote on CAW in Theology.
26. The immortal found original algorithms and solved problems uniquely. I wrote algorithms from first principles based on writing algorithms from the ground up, and I wrote on induction and new ideas that occurred to me about program finders. My current interest is writing types to test finders and using them to write algorithms. I wrote a depth-first post-order traversal algorithm to prepare for the find dependencies algorithm in Lucian CI/CD and algorithm type analysis. In addition, I converted the descendent algorithm to Prolog (like C), running it on an earlier version of the interpreter.
27. The immortal took notes and gathered the highest quality sources to inspire creativity. Graduating and professional development enabled me to write creatively. I wrote original ideas. I wrote more original ideas, which my algorithms led to. I synthesised my text three times to exhaust the details.
28. The immortal recommended pedagogy helper, recordings and medicine/pedagogy (delegate workloads) arguments. I thought of lateral connections from a book of theories and algorithm descriptions that texts suggested. I took notes but didn't write arguments or long algorithms during my degree. I wrote longer, connected arguments when I graduated (and before, when I wrote distinct algorithms). I worked out how to write without helpers and methods to write arguments.
29. The immortal generated texts that strongly indicated ideas in music and philosophy details. I wrote on logic even though I studied moral philosophy. I extrapolated and expanded the details I thought of. I developed a specialisation in induction. I wrote content that could be searched for using other algorithms I wrote.
30. The immortal found a seen-as version of philosophies with art and more memorable songs. Songs indicated other songs, characters and philosophical ideas. They indirectly or directly indicated algorithms and arguments. I wrote a song about an algorithm. Or songs evoked unusual settings or stories.
31. The immortal investigated links between lyrics and better songs, but it was arbitrary. I listened to the song. I kept songs with memorable instruments. In addition, I kept songs with memorable melodies. And I kept songs with striking harmonies.
32. The immortal created visual art. I endeavoured to write good songs for all the algorithms I wrote. If one song was not memorable, I wrote another. I associated songs with objects, good parts of other songs, or other mind-read highlights. These highlights included thoughts, listeners and new algorithms.

I found meditation.

33. The immortal reordered code with Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW), optimised code and found tests with types. I tested, refactored and used simulated intelligence to write algorithms with Lucian CI/CD (as part of meditation in immortality). I tested the algorithm. In addition, I found different combinations of commands (refactored) in the algorithm. Moreover, I found missing code with simulated intelligence.
34. The immortal removed or completed singleton types. I found tests with types, finding missing types (of new predicates) to write code with tests. If needed types were missing, I wrote new code and linked them to existing or simplified code to avoid needing them. I found the types of the commands and predicates, finding types bottom-up notwithstanding dynamic predicates (where finding types replaced testing), where dynamic predicates had a structure determined earlier, so types were found top-down from dynamic predicate definition to use. I found predictable patterns in types and identified unpredictable types (which relied on non-pattern-matching code).
35. The immortal found combinations of unpredictable code (such as decision trees, search or sort algorithms) with program finders. If needed types were missing, I wrote completely new code. I wrote a new command to bridge gaps in unpredictable code. For example, I used subterm with address to avoid needing a new predicate and found subterms to process with findall and substitute back. I customised subterm with address to work with different types of brackets, \"|\" (the pipe symbol) and I allowed for labels.
36. The immortal attempted to write a long program in one predicate using advanced commands. If needed types were missing, I linked them to existing code. I checked the existing code for applicability to join the types required. I mixed new and existing code. I modified the existing code to change functionality under different conditions.
37. The immortal simplified code around the missing types or the existing predicates. If needed types were missing, I simplified the code to avoid needing them. I modified the existing code to fit missing types by streamlining it. For example, I simplified subterm with address to a simpler predicate. In addition, I noted subterm with address could be simplified when the data was non-multi-dimensional.
38. The immortal reordered code. I checked for careless errors in types and reordered statements accordingly. I identified the types of the first statement. Then, I did the same for the second statement. If they worked when swapped over, I swapped them.
39. The immortal gave the code giving the data and given conditions about the input. I wrote code with CAW. I listed the code so far. I specified the predicate's input and output. Usually, a chunk of code was of a single kind, so I used a program finder with options to fill in the code.
40. The immortal used a broad definition to, for example, recognise grammars, and used options with this rather than new code each time to reuse, then simplified the code. I optimised the code. I went for a significant critique. I started with the algorithm's input and output. I simplified predictable and unpredictable variables, where predictable variables could be predicted in output from input and unpredictable ones couldn't.
41. The immortal simplified the general code. I removed unused variables in the data. I simplified to pattern types and formulas. These were variables with types in place of strings, numbers or parts. I determined the correlations between the variables and found the minimum necessary to produce the required code.
42. The immortal recognised the creation of new data, for example, in check arguments in the interpreter. I found the correlation between the variables. I used CAW. I narrowed the unpredictable variables to search, sort, or an external algorithm with a program finder. I filled in unknown variables with creative CAW but leant towards program finder.
43. The immortal found errors faster using types, which found tests for Lucian CI/CD, simplifying code. I found tests with types. The interpreter could compute the algorithm's output using the types with formulas of its input and output. I wrote new tests exhausting the main types for the algorithm. The types helped find and fix non-working code.
44. The immortal used types to warn and help the user correct bugs. I tested algorithms with Lucian CI/CD. I could run the algorithm with an interpreter and collect tests. Or, I could find tests from types. The former allowed testing, while the latter allowed debugging.
45. The immortal programmed Lucian CI/CD to ask the user for clarification whether a feature was intended and to provide a spec (if the programming language needed it, in which case, it included it as a top-level module). Lucian CI/CD could isolate predicates that didn't meet tests and rewrite them with tests from surrounding types. The philosophy was to fulfil as many initiated features as possible, with type corrections to complete these. Features that didn't lead anywhere or were optional could (such as debugging features in a compiler) be switched off. Lucian CI/CD could simulate file input and output with data to test.
46. The immortal selected options to test the algorithm using mind reading. I refactored the code using Lucian CI/CD. Both algorithm versions tested with Lucian CI/CD satisfied the tests. I found the minimal algorithm from parts of the two versions that met the second set of tests. I could simplify code further using simulated intelligence.
47. The immortal tested programs using bots in the simulation. I used simulated intelligence to write algorithms. I used labels to process lists of lists with subterms and addresses. I determined whether algorithm parts would likely be used using mind reading input. I brought forward plans relevant to a decision using knowledge-time travel.
48. The immortal found the bug fix in the simulation. As time continued, I archived features and simplified software. I simplified the method of reinstalling modules. I designed the software to be compatible with the simulation and space travel. These didn't exist in my home time, but I kept the software efficient and error-free.

49. The immortal used findall as a central transformer when converting from Prolog to C and expanded list decomposition/building to separate commands. I wrote a grammar finder or modified my programming language converter to include new languages. I included options to recognise specific languages’ syntax, including variables, lines and functions. The compiler compiler wrote the logical and command back end using program finders and examples of trace. I converted descendant in family.pl from Prolog to (List) Prolog, changing findall to a predicate, to convert to C.
50. The immortal processed the list of lists with subterm with address and converted the result to a string. I used labels to process lists of lists with subterms and addresses. Without labels, finding and operating on multidimensional terms would be more difficult. With labels, building them, for example, converting data to types, was more straightforward. Data was derived from a string, parsed by a grammar and stored as a list of lists. 
51. The immortal stored only the necessary variable lists, deleting those out of scope. I recorded the version of the data when I processed it. I checked that the version matched the point in the predicate being run by the interpreter. I could access and backtrack to old variable lists, given if-then and findall results. I could reload variable lists when retrying a predicate on exit or fail.
52. The immortal piloted a feature that wrote algorithms using a mind-reading word processor and tested them. I determined whether algorithm parts would likely be used using mind reading input. I found all the possible options using an algorithm. I used mind reading to rank suggestions. If the user preferred, they could confirm an option using mind reading.
53. The immortal realised that they could mind map their plans. I brought forward plans relevant to a decision using knowledge-time travel. I debugged and wrote features that were respectable to an advanced civilisation in the future. I remembered the “hyphen” detail in State Saving Interpreter to differentiate choice points from other points in the stack. I replaced this with a label.
54. The immortal kept correct drafts, drafts without findall, drafts with subterm with address and simplistic drafts with foldr. I found the bug fix in the simulation. The lecturer planted the error and funnelled it to fix the bug. They mind-read the algorithm to help fix it. The student tried several drafts until finding the solution.
55. The immortal deprecated features, simplifying software. As time went by, I archived features and simplified software. I wrote software in English and wrote interfaces in other languages. I wrote in a cognitively clear language like Prolog and converted to a fast language like C. I used types to scaffold the algorithm but removed them for speed.
56. The immortal checked the repository passed unit tests for each feature in the current version. I simplified the method of installing modules. There was a main package source for different versions of Prolog. Users could also download individual components that needed updating. There was a package ratifier that vetted them for quality.
57. The immortal emphasised understanding everything the algorithm did before automating it. The package ratifier allowed the user to test the new version with the user’s current data, giving them the choice of whether to update it. They could first convert their data to the new format. For example, they could automatically replace deprecated commands, import dictionaries and read about the different results of different versions. I wrote about RobotOps, which managed changing and testing robot software, helping them keep abreast of the latest open-source software.
58. The immortal helped debug the software by tracing through algorithms and comparing them with the correct algorithms’ output. I wrote intelligent algorithms for better results that ran machine learning algorithms. I wrote Essay Helper, which painstakingly mind-read grammatical connections and paraphrasing. I wrote Cultural Translation Tool, which used an interactive or mind-reading interface to help translate texts, involving the writer in decisions (tailored for spoken or written text). I wrote Mind Reading Algorithm Writer, which only mind-read what the student thought when writing an algorithm, interactively or with mind reading, involving them in debugging and testing it.
59. The immortal helped and remembered people they met. I designed the simulation interface. I made appointments to see certain people in the simulation, made journey arrangements and undertook professional development. It was all in terms of people and places from my time. I was automatically seen as taking required medicines and enrolled in medicine master’s.
60. The immortal travelled across the universe in 6 hours. I designed the space travel interface. It was always a journey between two places. I learned the future names of known stars and inhabited planets that were future-compatible and visited friends. I modelled my plans for my education business.
61. The immortal optimised the code and ran it concurrently on multiple processors. I designed the software to be efficient. The human code was in Prolog and was easy to understand and edit—any changes needed to pass tests. The fast code was in C, translated from Prolog and required to pass tests.
62. The immortal traced the origin of visitors to the site. I built a shopping cart command in State Saving Interpreter Web Service (SSIWS). There were commands to view the products, log in, and edit the products, and these could use the faster Vetusia engine rather than SSIWS. I could automatically update products based on the date and enrollment numbers and send data to lecturers and students. I could test and grammar-check the algorithms.
63. The immortal completed a fraction of the meditations needed for space travel teleportations. I designed the software to be error-free. I checked that it passed the tests from the previous version. I also tested the features from the current version. In addition, I generated and tested against tests from types from the whole algorithm, finding and correcting errors in unwritten tests between the two versions.
64. The immortal tracked output, files, errors and warnings. I connected the previous and current version types. I detected that the “No modifications to repositories” notification disappeared in the current version. This error occurred after resaving files without preserving their modification dates. I restored their modification dates to reinstate the notification.

65. The immortal leant towards findall and away from setof and bagof. I used findall as a central transformer when converting from Prolog to C. I left recursion as it was. I converted setof, bagof, forall and findnsols into findall. For the sake of argument, setof and bagof were converted into findall but had their conditions. The following illustrates how forall converts into findall:

?- A=[[1],[1]],forall((member(C,A),member(B,C)),B=1).
A = [[1], [1]].

?- A=[[1],[1]],findall(B,(member(C,A),member(B,C)),D),length(D,L),findall(E,(member(E,D),E=1),F),length(F,L).
A = [[1], [1]],
D = F, F = [1, 1],
L = 2.

The following illustrates how findnsols converts into findall:

?- A=[[1],[1]],findnsols(1,B,(member(C,A),member(B,C)),E),!.
A = [[1], [1]],
E = [1].

?- A=[[1],[1]],findall(B,(member(C,A),member(B,C)),D),length(E,1),append(E,_,D).
A = [[1], [1]],
D = [1, 1],
E = [1].

66. The immortal possibly reduced lists to single arrays. I converted findall to C. I treated each instance of a nondeterministic call as a nested loop. I ran the commands in findall and any additional needed commands. Lists were converted into array form.
67. The immortal converted separate commands to C. I expanded the list decomposition/building to separate commands. I expanded the list decomposition [A|B] to C=[A|B]. I expanded the list building to [A|B] to append([A], B, D). The predicate head and recursive calls would contain C and D, respectively.
68. The immortal wrote C commands that performed list decomposition and append. I converted equals and append to C. Given equals, I found the head of the list. Then, I found the tail of the list. Given append(A, B, C), I appended A to B, giving C.
69. The immortal converted the interpreter’s commands to C. I wrote a grammar finder. I modified the program finder with types to find disjunctive structures and to work with strings instead of lists. I programmed it to recognise types of brackets. The grammar finder outputted lists and items.
70. The immortal could manipulate, run and convert programming languages. I modified my programming language converter to include new languages. I included C, Python and Rust. I included the syntax, including the comment syntax of these languages. I converted these languages to and from list format to process with the interpreter and Lucian CI/CD.
71. The immortal queried whether the interpreter was fast because of magic (deletion of code). I was on a spree since I decided natural language was the universal programming language. It was like English Language Prolog. All the elements of the functional call were represented or inferred by the sentence(s). The functional call called efficient commands to speed up running the program.
72. The immortal specified any algorithm. The contention in program finder was generousness with the algorithms. The Simulated Intelligence shop contained algorithms such as Program Finder or Cultural Translation Tool, which humans could write, emphasising education. Machine learning produced decision trees, but my algorithms were the product of students’ thinking. I rewrote the code to be faster by identifying the main functions of the code and separating them into fewer predicates.
73. The immortal explained that they taught users to write and maintain operating systems. The company made money from users creating operating systems. They were based on programming languages’ interpreters. The company provided software and support for free and charged for education and premium plans, which allowed commercial use. These plans allowed for maintaining the company and growth.
74. The immortal condensed the algorithm to one line, including recursion, multiple predicates and a Prolog server. I optimised Prolog by deleting code. It was part of changing the code. I started at the top, aiming to reduce complexity using Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) and Program Finder. Program Finder with Types could go further by connecting unpredictable variables using intra-string types.
75. The immortal justified their algorithm with an argument. Program Finder with Types’ types spanned a number or number of characters. They could match “term to atom” or grammars’ output. Grammars needed to be stored with the string types. Detailed data was necessary to find complete grammar.
76. The immortal claimed the interpreter’s types were checked internally, mistakes in queries, data, file and input handling could be corrected, and new algorithm features could be developed. Segments of results (with similar grammars) could be processed differently by algorithms, for example, alpha versus a constant. Grammars were the algorithms to parse strings, and any unpredictable results from their results could be converted to a program with past programs, including supporting choice points in an interpreter. The type finder corrected type errors and promoted more stable types.
77. The immortal wrote innovative examples of computer science projects. The type finder found an outlying algorithm or lack of algorithm features. Common types, such as the programming language grammar, were stored together. Changes to this were followed when changing the algorithm. Either the algorithm was corrected or added to.
78. The immortal developed a system that wrote and explained more necessary options. GitL’s structure allowed studying changes given different types, and it turned out features could be added or deprecated. GitL showed each refinement of the code, one at a time. I could find more specific solutions to unpredictable code gaps by narrowing predicted code further using types. I emulated unabridged literature in my code to mind map features.
79. The immortal wrote mathematics, the language of God. I optimised Prolog by modifying the code. Modifying the code went against the grain of transforming the code. I reduced the shape or pattern to a formula. This reduction mirrored divine mathematics in nature.
80. The immortal completed optimisations as part of the compilation process. I wrote unit tests for each feature of Lucian CI/CD. The first test changed the lines of the predicate. The second test kept commands similar to writeln (that don’t have output). The third test avoided (instantiated) testing vars.
"]