["Green, L 2022, <i>Immortality 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Immortality 3

1. I tested the compiler before writing about it in many applications.  I did this by researching the lucianpl compiler.  I started by examining performance comparisons.  Then, I studied feature comparisons.  Finally, I looked at stability and security.
2. I examined machine learning output about Prolog and philosophy.  I researched nondeterminism in lucianpl.  I established a flag with the number of nondeterministic results to return.  I returned this number of results on specific modes of append, member and string concat.  I examined cyclical and acyclical data structures, including multiple equal signs. 
3. I wrote functionally and found when the algorithm approached a specific task, it expanded it in a certain way.  I did this by writing the texttoalg algorithm.  I initiated this by extending the text to several words.  I found that the algorithm found each predicate.  I found commonalities and expanded the specification sentence into several sentences.
4. I predicted and prevented problems.  I did this by applying mindreader to business.  I first mindread the employees.  I next mindread their customers.  This process helped them achieve their goals.
5. The student could verify and submit their programming assignment online.  I wrote the Lucian Academy repository. Next, the student learned about critical thinking and argument maps.  She developed an essay by answering questions and editing the text argument map file. Finally, she ran another algorithm to check that the co-premises supported the correct conclusion.
6. I needed software to help me hand breason out texts, for example, for assignment submissions.  I wrote the Text to Object Name algorithm.  I used it when the text to breasonings algorithm was down.  I found the number of each type of object in the text.  I breasoned them out by hand.
7. Like with Music Composer, I could draft philosophy (with the level of creativity and length) and computer science (with specification and method details/formula).  I wrote the Music Composer algorithm.  I made editing the prettily printed file into the user interface.  When I edited the file and submitted it, I could listen to the output and modify the file to improve the music.  I could adjust the form, chord progressions, voice part, melody, harmony, melody instruments, harmony instruments and lyrics.
8. I added nested if-then from Prolog to C.  I did this by writing the Languages repository.  I started by writing the language version for the repository.  Then, I added tests for it. Finally, I attempted to write the programming language converter with Prolog as the first language.
9. I discovered the most straightforward expression in each language.  I did this by writing the Cultural Translation Tool.  I started by writing the translator.  In addition, I wrote the programming language translator.  The tool helped maintain the quality of translations.
10. I automatically installed each repository and tested it.  I wrote the List Prolog Package Manager.  I checked that the registry file followed the correct format.  I checked that the dependencies were not too complicated and recommended removing some included files from repositories.  Dependencies reflected the dependencies in the repository use.
11. I planned what to do each day.  I did this by writing the Daily Regimen repository.  I followed this by keeping meditation light. Finally, I maintained it by writing immortality entries.  I also researched the immortality entries.
12. I breasoned out only what was necessary.  I wrote the \"File to List to Br\" repository.  Instead, I breasoned out the file using more memory.  Separately, I parsed a:b:c as (a:b):c or a:(b:c) given different directives.  I parsed these compounds using a grammar.
13. The neural network found the result faster.  I wrote the List Prolog Interpreter as a neural network.  I found 1+1=2.  I also found SSI as a neural network.  I could easily add more commands.
14. I noticed that Program Finder and CAW converged as neural networks.  I wrote the \"Program Finder from Data\" algorithm.  The algorithm found algorithms from data, not all combinations of commands, and I could replace it with a neural network.  I also replaced CAW with a neural network.  The neural network dramatically increased CAW's performance.
15. I wrote default test files for the repositories.  I wrote Split on Phrases. Third, I replaced the algorithm with a call to atomic list concat. Fourth, I automatically produced courses from books. Finally, I verified the fidelity of my course files.
16. I logically optimised the formula and the database.  I wrote Logic Formula Finder. Then, I used the algorithm to write Prolog algorithms.  I also used Database Formula Finder to write Prolog algorithms. Finally, I wrote Program Finder and neural network versions of these algorithms.

17. I could also use grammars in Prolog and convert them to List Prolog.  Similarly, I wrote the Simple List Prolog to List Prolog converter.  I changed to Simple List Prolog (without n for variable names and v for variable names).  I converted the algorithm from a string.  I recognised variable names because they started with a capital letter or \"_\".
18. I stored commonly used predicates in a dictionary. Then, I wrote the Question Answering Database Finder with Prolog-like variables. Next, I simplified and reduced the algorithm to a sequence of pattern-matching steps and transformations. Next, I automatically converted a sentence into steps. Finally, I inserted choice points for recursion.
19. I wrote the Shadow Work algorithm (with invisible sales and customers). Instead, I conducted business with enough As.  I did this by examining the values for perpetuity.  First, I found networks of people.  In addition, I found the driving force in the company.  I also found the culture and money.
20. I wrote the way of speaking algorithm and left it as data structures.  I did this by finding the intersection of the ways of communicating.  I started by finding the emotion.  This algorithm was like a decision tree.  I decided that the Prolog rules were a better representation than the decision tree.
21. I grouped and simplified the input and output.  I did this by writing the simple interpreter, with input and output predefined.  First, I determined the algorithm.  I next computed the result.  I then recorded the input and output.
22. I ran the classic algorithm, filling in knowledge gaps.  I wrote the apply_lens.pl algorithm.  I asked for the result of applying a lens to an idea.  I did this by finding internal perspectives.  Second, I found external perspectives.  Also, I found other perspectives on perspectives.
23. I wrote the apply_for_loan.pl algorithm, and funding.  I applied for $16 million in finance for the institution.  The demand helped pay for this each year. In addition, the buildings needed to be built or renovated and maintained.  And I paid for insurance, accounting and legal fees.
24. I wrote the permutations algorithm.  I wrote the clique.pl algorithm. It found all combinations of two items.  I continued to find cliques for three or more items. Finally, I found the dimensions of cliques with combinations of cliques.
25. I wrote the file_os.pl algorithm.  I simulated the text operating system.  I ran this in a web browser.  I wrote a text editor.  I wrote file processing scripts, for example, to backup and rename files.
26. I debugged by creating bugs with characters in files.  I wrote the use_up.pl algorithm.  It returned true if the items in one list were all used up in the second list.  I also found whether the reverse was true, meaning the lists had the same items.  I accounted for the number of items.
27. I checked whether certain features worked together.  I wrote the all_supported.pl algorithm.  The algorithm found whether all items in one list were an item in pairs in the other list.  I repeated this for several lists.  I could go backwards.
28. I detected very similar predicates, with a cut as the only difference. I wrote the overtake.pl algorithm.  The algorithm sorted the list without removing duplicates.  The user should remove duplicates in state machines.  The user should remove the same predicates.
29. I wrote a search engine for my site.  I wrote the alarm_clock.pl algorithm.  The email arrived at the given time.  I set the alarm clock to act as a timer.  The virtual private server ran the alarm clock in the background. Finally, I sent myself a private message with an email with an alert sound to report that the computer had completed work.
30. I overtook the car.  I did this by writing the overtake algorithm.  This algorithm inserted an item before another item in the list.  I could also achieve item insertion using a linked list.  In addition, I could replace the pair with another pair.
31. I wrote the vision_impaired_navigator.pl algorithm for navigating strings turned into lists.  The vision-impaired person could navigate the term.  He could start with the first item by going to the head of the list each time.  A variant could navigate a List Prolog algorithm.  Also, he could navigate a State Machine List Prolog algorithm.
32. I wondered whether electrons were there in other universes.  I wrote the shortest_path.pl algorithm.  I wrote the shortest path algorithm in 2D.  In 3D, it suffered from the curse of dimensionality.  I wondered why the universe was flat.  It might be common in the multiverse.

33. The object had the distinction.  I wrote the cover_once.pl algorithm.  I did this by covering the distinctions between each object.  First, I noticed the categories of differences.  Later, I found an object for each contrast.
34. I drew a factors tree.  I wrote the factors.pl algorithm.  I divided by numbers from two to the number to find the lowest factor.  I repeated this until I had reached one.  I could cancel out multiples of these.
35. I mindread the word.  I wrote the phil_tree.pl algorithm.  I did this by writing a decision tree with words instead of characters.  First, I edited out punctuation.  Next, I changed it to lower case.
36. I wrote the medical data structure.  I wrote the sentence_to_ontology.pl algorithm.  I wrote [Subject,Verb,Object] as [Verb,[Object,Subject]].  I could answer questions.  I could write sentences with similar parts substituted.
37. I drew the graph with the logarithmic scale.  I wrote the logarithm_br.pl algorithm.  I did this by finding the number of zeros in 1, 10, 100, etc.  I determined the order.  I asked for the correct number of digits.
38. I found the truth table for two rows.  I wrote the tt.pl algorithm.  It found the result of a truth formula for 0 and 1.  For example, or([0,1],not([0,1]))=[1,1].  I used modal logic.
38. If-then was used to split into clauses.  I wrote the tt1.pl algorithm.  It returned a truth table of four rows with two variables.  \"And implication\" meant that in \"if A then B\", if A and B are true, then A->B is true.  I could use this rule in Prolog.
39. I named the algorithm \"Algorithm 1 applied to Algorithm 2\".  I wrote the counter_argument.pl algorithm.  I noticed that the simulation could include God.  I saw that beings could always meditate. So I meditated on (I thought of a mindread word from) the first algorithm and renamed a predicate or variable name this word in the second algorithm.  
40. I applied n algorithms to the algorithm, emphasising the new algorithms.  Separately, I wrote the n_m.pl algorithm. I did this by finding N=Number div Constant. Also, I found M=Number mod Constant. Finally, I discovered how many times to wrap the string around the cylinder.
41. I remained feeling good.  I wrote the happy.pl algorithm.  I asked the patient whether they were delighted.  I asked them what their thoughts were (what they had done and thought about it).  Then I repeated these questions.
42. I recorded thoughts and actions.  I wrote the interesting_ideas.pl algorithm.  I did this by ordering the events by their dependency.  I detected knowledge gaps. I halted and recorded progress.
43. I kept question-answering positive.  I wrote the survive_philosophy.pl algorithm.  I recorded whether a person had solved a problem and produced a method to maintain their performance in a job.  Philosophy was medicinal, even meditational.  I kept a positive tone.
44. The use chain helped maintain philosophical progress.  I wrote the original_reason.pl algorithm.  I watched the bananas as my medication.  I drew them.  I thought of another philosophy, two uses (one connected to another) that the banana reminded me about.
45. The threshold was enough to alleviate problems.  I wrote the people_care.pl algorithm.  I did this by computing the type of care the person needed.  As part of this, I wrote lots of minorities down.  I invented culture related to my philosophy.
46. I used mathematical regression to find the remaining formula, eliminating outliers.  I wrote the rpg_game_builder_random2D.pl algorithm.  I asked for the X and Y dimensions.  I generated the maze.  I saved it, labelling my thoughts about it. For example, that program finder with types could be made assessable by giving many test cases.
47. I completed the set of books.  I wrote the autocomplete.pl algorithm.  It asked users to enter options to traverse a tree.  This algorithm could autocomplete spelling, algorithms or sentences.  I could also autocomplete art and music.
48. I wrote the vector_drawing.pl algorithm with mathematical curves.  I did this by plotting the rectangles.  Further, I graphed the rectangles.  Then, I coloured them. Finally, I also found the regions with curves.

49. I wrote the algorithm for building the house.  I wrote the construct.pl algorithm.  If the plan indicated the material, I joined it with the other materials.  I made the house from foundation, frame and plug-ins.  I explored the house.
50. The quantum battery was good for time travel and saving energy.  I wrote the quantum_power.pl algorithm.  I did this by writing 4*50 As.  I could power the circuit with an infinitely long-lasting battery.  It was good in space.
51. I made a game about each algorithm stage to perfect and simplify it, given data.  I wrote the rectangles.pl algorithm.  I designed the colourful platform game. Third, I generated a hierarchical puzzle based on writing the algorithm. Finally, I decomposed, transformed data and built the list.
52. I added angular brackets to Prolog.  I wrote the br_details.pl algorithm.  I did this by querying the object details and setting of each sentence.  These helped generate algorithms about the objects.  I found needed sciences, for example, minimalism in programming.
53. I found what the students wanted.  I wrote the stages_of_life.pl algorithm.  I saw how far the student had come in knowledge.  I found their thoughts.  I had different ideas.
54. I predicted the recursion cycle of the algorithm.  I wrote the n_level_argument.pl algorithm.  I did this by writing an argument map with six levels of reasons.  I found the uses for the algorithm.  I joined them in a cycle.
55. I randomly deleted an error.  I wrote the rff.pl algorithm.  I non-randomly found a transformation, for example, a grammar bug fix.  I avoided a symbol occurring twice at one choice point.  I deleted one.
56. Separately, I found cumulative frequencies.  I wrote the frequency.pl algorithm.  I did this by finding the frequencies of each item.  First, I found the frequencies of frequencies.  Then, I found multiple dimensions of frequencies.
57. I prepared and found work.  I wrote the higher_average.pl algorithm.  I did this by finding the algorithm which returned the list with the highest average.  I found the best degree.  I pursued it from a given age.  
58. I avoided the obstacle and arrived at the goal.  I wrote the maze_path.pl algorithm.  I found the path to the exit. Second, I found the shortest route to the exit using a diagonal line. Third, I joined segments without choice points to find the shortest path between points.
59. I modified the algorithm to connect it to the first algorithm.  I wrote the explain_connection.pl algorithm.  I did this by finding the critical terms in the two philosophies.  First, I connected them. Then, I wrote this connection in terms of the language of the philosophy.
60. I viewed the 3D model.  I wrote the graph.pl algorithm.  I graphed the equation.  I graphed the equation in 3D.  I viewed it from different angles.
61. I found the career total.  I wrote the tally_test.pl algorithm.  I summed the items.  I tallied the sums of the items. I found the total.
62. One group of students had a skill deficit in common.  I wrote the mutually_exclusive.pl algorithm.  It had an empty intersection.  Contrarily, the non-mutually exclusive formula was the negation of this.  I taught the two groups of students with different needs.
63. I confirmed my agreement with the idea.  I wrote the male_female.pl algorithm.  I made the jig saw puzzle.  I found the perfect order through the maze to solve the mystery.  I simplified the complexity of the puzzle.
64. The person remembered the simple thought.  I wrote the equitable.pl algorithm.  One group of people needed twice as much as the other.  This requirement was like a company.  Also, it was like a family.  I completed the interpreter, simplifying it.

65. I aided the possibility.  I did this by writing the a_because_b algorithm. For example, I liked someone because I shared a meal with a person.  I enjoyed the meal.  I enjoyed sharing it with them and resolving questions.
66. I added fine dining details.  I did this by writing the chain of events coming from the dinner.  First, I wrote the chain.  Second, I wrote the hierarchy.  In this way, I discerned that the dinner was an event.
67. I checked for undefined variables or failing lines.  Separately, I observed that you liked me.  You wanted me because you found the algorithm understandable.  Because of this, I felt like writing on algorithms.  Also, I finished checking it.
68. I found As for all time.  I did this by making the possibility that you liked me a reality.  This state was an agreement.  I also found the difference.  I described this difference.
69. The breasoning was an algorithm.  I liked you twice as much as what I shared with you.  I did this by paying for both people.  I enjoyed your participation.  And I thanked you even more.
70. The person learned time travel.  I found time travel was medicine.  I discovered that time travel brought pedagogy to the people.  I visited the person about philosophy.  It is related to them.
71. The people liked the As.  On another note, I substituted food for another food.  In this way, I had all I wanted.  Also, I quenched my thirst.  In this way, I found that the people liked me.
72. I scheduled the mineral.  I did this by choosing a vegetarian meal day from the week.  Then, I decided on a meal from the day.  I ate plant-based food.  The student connected the ideas on the topic.
73. I found two items with a particular combined property.  I combined program finder with functionalism and neural networks.  I discovered f(A, B), finding A with program finder, B with neural networks and calling f with functionalism.  I named the choice points.  Naming them enabled me to find them easily.
74. I found different hardware caused different software.  I selected against all items being the same.  The difference allowed crosses and evolution.  Then, I could choose specific results.  I picked a specialisation for the journey and leg.
76. I installed the app, with email notifications, on the server.  I inputted the breasoning.  Then, I outputted the breasoning.  I found the algorithm in terms of geometry.  I found that the time travel app performed daily health computations.
77. The pots were sometimes equivalent. First, I computed whether the list had a certain length.  If it did, it was likely to be a particular object. Next, I examined whether it had loops or lines. Finally, I found my younger self's algorithm for topology and a copy.
78. The deterministic machine could perform non-determinism later. First, I swapped the items in the pair.  I ordered the items.  I ordered the systems by complexity, determined by having more complex features.  The more difficult parts were in a hierarchy, and there could be memory without non-determinism.
79. I drew the graph of the inequality.  I determined that B was less than or equal to A.  I flipped the inequality sign when multiplying both sides by a negative number or sometimes solving inequalities with absolute values.  For example -4*x/-4 < 8/-4 => x > -2.  Also, |4*x| < 8 => 4*x < 8 and 4*x > 8.  I wrote concisely.
80. I wrote the undefined variable as empty. Then, I found whether any items in the list were true.  I could do this with the member predicate.  I could test whether any were undefined with var.  Usually, var was unused because I wrote undefined variables in another way.
"]