["Green, L 2024, <i>Immortality 24</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Immortality 24

1. The immortal solved the problem of the bug, new feature or API change. I mind-read and completed students' thoughts. I mind-read the part of the text they were up to. I mind read their comment. I detailed it, with problem-solving protections.
2. The immortal synthesised the new thoughts with the philosophy, using contemporary language as original research. I mind-read thoughts, connected them with the philosophy using the BAG algorithm, and added details. I mind read the words and the spelling of any new terms. Mind reading two representations required 4*50 As of breasonings and algorithms, where the second representation is needed to finish the thought and mind reading was security checked. I used the BAG algorithm to make new connections within the philosophy and added Grammar-Logic word details.
3. The immortal spoke to the other about their written text. I recognised the specific stage the student had reached, such as preparing, creating, rereading, reading indirect inspirations, coding, debugging or further debugging. I ran a running mind reader to monitor the student's thoughts closely. Maybe if they had worked on the microprocessor thought, it was detailed enough and allowed to appear. I mind-read the student for the stage they had reached, and mind-read my thoughts for privacy.
4. The immortal specified the algorithm with shapes within shapes and then debugged the resulting diagonals. I wrote the algorithm to recognise the algorithm from mind reading. The first algorithm determined the second algorithm's name, specification and identification shapes. I recognised the print grid 2d algorithm from two rounded findall shapes. Also, I programmed in shapes.
5. The immortal explained ideas to the computer like a two-year-old, then helped it find ideas using meditation. I experimented whether 4*50 As of random GL breasonings resulted in accurate mind reading. I substituted original, complete breasonings for these breasonings. Or I tried a mixture of these or more. The sentences and logics were simple. I taught the neuronetwork programming in sentences, explaining how to bug check.
6. The immortal made connections within the study area, applying their latest knowledge to it. With mind reading, I tested knowledge of algorithms, later allowing the creation of new algorithms. Students wrote algorithms that their studies influenced. The students wrote algorithms given a specification. They examined these and wrote using their algorithm.
7. The immortal revised the idea and highlights in life during the term. I wrote the neuronetwork to help mind project suggestions. I mind-read the student's progress. If they found a part difficult, I suggested looking up the answer to their question. A neuronetwork could also explain an idea to the student.
8. The immortal explained the idea using email. I wrote the spiritual word processor. It was a text-screen word processor with justification, pagination, and different-sized fonts that could be mind-read and projected. I could use my computer while walking or running. I could edit in the terminal or online, with mind reading and live CI/CD testing as I typed.
9. The immortal ran mind reading while awake, with just enough relevant details. I ran the mind-read algorithm in State Saving Interpreter. I wrote the test. I ran the algorithm. I checked the code with the CI/CD algorithm.
10. The immortal received live and future updates about debugging. I used multiple spiritual windows. I pointed and clicked on the spiritual title bar with my mind's eye. The window was in front of me, and I looked at parts of it with an eye gaze sensor. Or, I could look around while giving text thought commands.
11. The immortal searched for and deleted the non sequitur. I wrote Mindsuite, which was a spiritual office software suite. I ran Time Machine. I ran Replicator. I ran Tea Time.
12. The immortal copied the sound of thoughts and abstract thoughts. I spiritually played songs. As I could read spiritually projected displays, I could hear the thoughts of music. I could taste the menu items. I mind-composed the song parts, choosing good enough parts.
13. The immortal pretended to breason out the idea, for example, the dimensions of data structures in a program. I revisited the spiritual word processor, using programming to move around text between applications and analyse it. The word processor could be the text file editor with simple commands to run. For example, I programmed the chart, page numbers or sentences as algorithms, applying CI/CD. I could generate the report, website or program at the touch of a button or using a thought command.
14. The immortal entered the type statement, test, and then ran CI/CD while writing an algorithm. I entered the type statement and test together to work out the aim of the algorithm. I wrote the algorithm, saving and testing whether I had satisfied the test as I went. I added, deleted or changed a maximum of seven groups of lines per file save, where the CI/CD algorithm would notify me if I had made more than seven modifications, and I could write more tests and code after this.
15. The immortal added a project specification, e-report and programmer's journal to the open-source software project. The mind reader algorithm became suspicious if the human emitted a frequency that they got it right when they hadn't, finding and helping them solve the systematic error in which they had got something right, but there was an overarching error. In addition, the immortal became suspicious of more complex algorithms, eventually writing code to complete them. I ran education versions of open-source and artificial intelligence sites, which taught others how to create this software. I found that the CI/CD algorithm didn't easily become obsolete, and users and I could add more.
16. The immortal experimented with engineering different columns to synthesise different sounds to be thought projected. I wrote the algorithm that projected the screen. The projector represented the text on the screen as a collection of white lines and black points. I also saved time by filling spaces with rectangles. I could represent a 3D space with rectangular prisms and translucent objects.

17. The immortal listed the topics they wrote programs on. I wrote 4*50 As of algorithms and breasonings per representation mind read. This value didn't necessarily increase the quality of mind reading. First, I used a neuronetwork to generate meaningful algorithms and breasonings. I wrote on the whole area study and its noumenon in terms of details, with my argument supported by algorithms.
18. The immortal recognised the command from the symbol. I was confident in writing on the topic. I wrote a neuronetwork for ideas to help the mind read the person. The person wanted to write algorithms without touching the computer. In addition, I projected a screen to help them write code, with one line to summarise the code.
19. The immortal graphed their achievements over time. I facilitated a discussion about the algorithm. I used As from before and algorithms entered by me or someone else to power mind reading. I observed that one correct breasoning, not five mistakes, was enough. I examined my recent thoughts in terms of philosophy.
20. The other helped the immortal with their algorithm. Instead of five algorithms replacing 4*50 As, with the rest mind read at home over the next few days, I used a neuronetwork. I wrote in my style. Recent thoughts inspired me. I defined the society of philosophy as simulating a vote.
21. The immortal visualised the way to reach the goal in steps. I thought of a use for each detail. I let the argument reach its natural conclusion. I rapidly thought of important philosophical views, choosing the best reason for my view. I commented on views I agreed with and disagreed with, which I debugged.
22. The immortal persistently worked towards the goal. I mind-read the algorithms of the new employee using the algorithms entered by the old employee. The senior employee processed the new employee's writing. It was with their permission. The new employee supported mind-reading themselves when they had enough ideas, with one idea becoming many ideas.
23. The immortal was honest and open with others. I commented on the repository's quality. I determined whether it worked. I worked out whether it worked with larger groups of inputs. I worked out whether it could handle errors and correct them.
24. The immortal reused the file processor algorithm. I stated that logical structural integrity should be correct, uniform and split into different predicates where necessary. I checked the efficiency and effectiveness of the logical structure. I used the same logic throughout to help prevent errors. I separated predicates by function and where they were recursively called.
25. The immortal mind reads themselves to check on code quality. I was transparent about code quality. For example, when I modified a List Prolog converter, I checked each predicate worked and that the depending repositories worked. I wrote unit tests for each predicate. In addition, I wrote tests for each depending repository's predicates.
26. The person became immortal at a memorable moment. I wrote about time travel, helping me stand back and take in life-saving information, such as travelling to a distant simulation and increasing my longevity. I only used software I had written myself. Over time, I wrote a word processor, an operating system and other programming tools. I wrote for a purpose, redoing the projects for different purposes; for example, I wrote a spiritual or debugging word processor.
27. The immortal recommended study and work. After graduating from Melbourne University, I wrote about medicine, specialising in spiritual medicine to help prevent headaches, avoid viruses and benefit from quantum science. I considered studying Medicine. I wrote about various forms of advanced medicine, which were non-invasive. I defined quantum science as a quantum box that solved or prevented medical problems in meditators.
28. The abbey reminded the immortal of pedagogy. I wrote on Pedagogy at the start of Philosophy Honours during an Education short course at Monash University. I graduated from Arts/Science at Melbourne University. I studied Computer Science and Philosophy. Studying Education helped me with the content and pedagogy during Philosophy Honours.
29. The immortal met the man and helped him. I appreciated the feeling, content, and style of English literature. I wrote on Philosophy. I wrote three levels, where the second and third levels commented on the previous level. I wondered how the person seemed at home and helped them.
30. The immortal told the man about their knowledge. I was explicit about immortality terminology. The others possibly thought it was English, a theory or meditation, the last of which it was. I noticed religion was protected under the law. I offered my meditation knowledge to people around the world.
31. The immortal fostered the child. When I got home, I entered the brain think tank and checked the data on the bridge. I wrote software for communication. I made secret passages. I hid the secrets.
32. The immortal connected the quantum box to mind reading. I wrote on mind reading using a computer and meditation. I created the result of vague thoughts in essays, music composition, and later art. Later, I changed the algorithm to eliminate outliers in the signal. I wrote writing about art or concrete poetry.

34. The immortal was in the background. I automated work with the bots. I moved conversations to a bulk area. In addition, I answered common questions. Also, I helped supervise students.
35. The immortal helped remember the person's friends and relevant thoughts. I created customer relations management software, which automatically replied to customers, contacted them after inactivity, and kept their details up-to-date. Up-close contact was always different, so it needed constant moderation as well as the other bots. I spiced up lectures, invitations and thought representations by thinking of radical, traditional and face-to-face possibilities. The bot collected and delivered sales products, found out the inner meanings in human thoughts and was more personable.
36. The immortal optionally delivered a mini-lecture during office hour. The bot helped mind-map necessary details. They helped build confidence with epistemological sales. They helped meet professional requirements in education. They delivered products' professional requirements at home.
37. The immortal filled gaps in enrollments with serious students. The bot wrote more details. They were or augmented the students, writing feedback about the lecturers. In addition, they, I and the employees increased details about other subjects. Help was on its way.
38. The immortal provided feedback as the student went. The bot helped grade the assignments. They wrote a page of comments. Their handwriting was Tolkeinesque. It was like a doctor's.
39. The immortal fired at thoughts with 4*50 As, which improved their quality enough. The bot gave needed feedback for the 100% pass mark. It was a computer science or multi-choice assignment. If it was a humanities assignment, computational humanities skills such as increasing computer science, problem-solving and new methods such as lazy evaluation were assessed. Finding out was given prominence.
40. The immortal covered the rest with investments. I wrote advertisements for the academy, which needed a long-term plan. It was the best value. I said continental, like computational. I experimented with dark hot chocolate.
41. The immortal eventually studied an MBA and medicine master's every 40 years. I worked as an extra for the first ten years, which I could invest in gold. I separated personal and work computing costs. I studied for an MBA every ten years to support sales and bots. I also learned medicine master for longevity.
42. The immortal helped the thoughts and levels beyond. The employees rated the executive. I completed the first level first. Then, I completed thoughts using neuronetworks. I cre-rated (sic) my thoughts, where I was performing well because I was happy.
43. The immortal completed all the classes. The executive rated the employees. Like academia, they had a grade. Mine was the algorithms. The students completed some and some of their own. The details for each level included the classes.
44. The immortal balanced how much money they had. I tried to recreate the integrated business computer experience. It was automation. It was generative SI, which plugged into the Office Suite. I automatically wrote and put up ads; the companies partnered with the tertiary education institution and wrote emails if employees weren't available.
45. I had more humans, not robots, visible, this endured, and the database was in terms of the database (the As for the website looked like my writing, which explored a particular perspective on an idea). I automated tasks, starting internally and expanding. At least I simulated what should happen, letting human workers follow their path. I let it come to me by developing the software. There were roles, gapless systems controlling how it works, and 4*50 As for each \"object\".
46. The immortal connected things such as business data, computing and philosophy writing, which was the most intelligent because of the ease in connecting ideas, and physics for teleportation and medicine. I wrote a generative writing and programming algorithm, which only outputted working texts with citations and was sympathetic to humans. I could tell the recommendation-giving systems would improve. It also embraced theology and human immortality. Very different communities followed the philosophy, such as readers, writers, programmers and business people, who regularly read and commented on the philosophy.
47. The immortal created an operating system using generative SI. I automatically performed tasks. I wrote about things to make them come true. I created a computer, really software, with a better, more straightforward programming language. Why didn't Prolog like C? Maybe I could use Prolog instead and prevent security problems.
48. The immortal explored immortality as a time-crystal. I automatically created the computer chip. It had many optimisations, building two or more functions on one system. The whole thing was like a list or hardware-as-software. Medicine also benefited from reality-as-simulation.

49. The immortal learned how to become immortal from meditation, which wouldn't have been possible without their computer. I wrote about my meditation experiences, such as computational thoughts and experiencing the taste of time travel. I crossed parts of my new algorithm with parts of classic algorithms to freeze my age. I connected my recent algorithms to my previous and best algorithms. This algorithm had N^2 complexity.
50. The immortal prepared for space travel programming languages. I practised music to maintain my musical ear and interest in composition. I approached the order of neuronetworks to write algorithms and arguments. The neuronetwork helped with meditation, and the uber-interpreter helped speed up programs unfairly. It overbore slowness by running Prolog as C where possible.
51. The immortal preferred the graphical user interface of Lucian CI/CD, which ran in the background and automatically committed code. I exercised and relaxed my eye muscles (musicles?) I programmed Lucian CI/CD to ask in SSI whether to keep comments and data. This SSI app could be written as a web app. If comments and data were ignored, they were logged for later keeping.
52. The immortal came to the conclusion in time about how to freeze their age. I turned off light-headedness with 250 medicine breasonings. On a separate note, Lucian CI/CD asked me whether to commit changes, giving me time to make changes. The algorithm notified me of a pipeline, or I ran a Lucian CI/CD pipeline. I approved whether to make additional changes or cancel the pipeline.
53. The immortal recommended how much memory to use for the algorithm. I enjoyed meeting new people at University. I printed out what the program with a large stack had got up to before it crashed. The \"Just In Time\" (JIT) Prolog compiler only ran an algorithm if it was indexed for the query and matched based on modes. JIT wasn't C but was Prolog without choice points and cuts. Note: and! - with either of these alone, the JIT compiler could be invoked.
54. The next step for the immortal in Lucian Prolog was to finish the lists and go on with the compiler. I relaxed, meditated and exercised to prevent headaches. I wrote List Prolog code with the JIT compiler. It wrote machine code for a compiler that worked with various architectures. I termed the state machine code I had written machine code.
55. The immortal drank cultured fruit juice for no stomach aches. As soon as I could write my own 4*50 As I wrote an A for the simulation. My As for time travel and anti-ageing medicine contributed to the simulation. I wrote down thoughts with reasons, each with 4*50 As over the days.
56. The immortal performed detailed preparation for the future. I took a holiday and relaxed to adjust and return to normal. I wrote an A for the simulation. Even if a reason was surprising, I had expanded, logical thoughts. The 4*50 As had a seen-as-version each day.
57. The immortal recommended 4*50 BAG As as soon as possible to freeze ageing. I relaxed and remained active to maintain positive function. The simulation kept on going if the world stopped. It was a universe in itself. I was present and had a high quality of life.
58. The immortal gave BAG thoughts to images about copywriting. I had natural dark hair. The noumenon was BAG; the tokens were Essay Helper and Grammar Logic. BAG used recent thoughts, and the educational institution wrote its arguments and algorithms. Despite its craziness, I stressed the need for BAG because it completed needed work that could be done no other way.
59. The immortal exercised and meditated daily to maintain their health. The simulation kept people and planets going. The universe's people were researched. The people were welcome to the simulation. The earlier people had presents given to them. I marvelled at the technology of our age.
60. The immortal stayed out of fiction. I avoided infection and prevented having a poor diet by maintaining my upkeep and enjoying a healthy diet. I gave my thoughts As. I stopped the virus with zinc. I felt free to walk and talk. I noticed the scientists performing better.
61. The immortal avoided physically endangering themselves and avoided risks. The computational philosopher felt like freezing their age. Lucian CI/CD didn't keep tests because they may be incorrect. The user could choose whether to keep the tests based on whether they were still needed. Tests, comments and data were manually added because tests couldn't detect them, and the paradox of a test that disappears, causing failure, is solved by keeping the test.
62. The immortal sold books and taught on a clipboard. I wrote about how fewer sales needed focus and ways to improve. I wrote a new Lucian CI/CD algorithm that manually added comments and data. It asked the user whether each comment and data line should be kept. This algorithm could be terminal or web-based.
63. The immortal built up from an accredited educational institution to offer PhDs. I wrote about how sales were positive and showed promising results. I made a website with a paywall around age freezing. I talked to the students. They completed worksheet questionnaires. Some students came online and completed their qualifications.
64. The immortal's JIT compiler was light because it didn't have choice points and cuts. I learned how to take the initiative and write longer in Education. State Saving Interpreter (SSI) with a Just In Time (JIT) compiler offered Prolog without choice points. I breasoned out sales, and the As were there for the students to get. I counted the exact number of sentence breasonings in the BAG algorithm.

65. The immortal accounted for errors and used all available CPUs. I learned the skill of professional development in business. I performed the 2000-page work for five people per day and then completed my daily regimen. This work enabled me to freeze my age. I automated this.
66. The immortal increased the number of CPUs to increase the frequency of high-quality thoughts during the day. I replaced my body, including my skeleton, allowing me to freeze my age, found a company and wrote a programming language interpreter. Like Essay Helper, the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) was chosen to generate meant sentences and algorithms, where BAG created entirely new work. BAG delivered the ability to sell, create bots and run a business. In addition, BAG helped draft new research projects for my interpreter and reach the threshold of having high-quality thoughts frequently.
67. The immortal lived on in their own time. I replaced my body and respiratory system by meeting the professional requirements. I wrote a BAG algorithm to help freeze my age, which checked the breasonings completed so far on the server, and added the new completed breasoning count to be queued for addition to the total for the list members. In the end, I could have continuous, high-quality thoughts. The finished text inspired the age-freezing operation to be completed.
68. The immortal made the algorithm public, and people could run it on their machines. I perpetually created copies of myself to help extenuate future industries. I installed the BAG algorithm on my smartphone and old laptop. It would be more straightforward on Virtual Private Servers (VPSs). I initiated the algorithm with a command, following morning meditation, and the algorithm ran in parallel until it finished, taking one hour on the second-fastest machine to finish a unit.
69. The immortal read it like a novel. I replaced my body, including my renal and urinary systems, that cleaned my blood. I installed the programming interpreter on my system. I could run Prolog algorithms from the command prompt, test whether the shell could read its output and test whether it could run shell commands, such as playing a sound or speaking. I wrote breasonings, with a log file counting them, to freeze my age.
70. The immortal defended the repetitiveness and apparent nonsensicalness of the algorithm, stating that it was the simplest way of finding new ideas from the old and was necessary to produce complete sentences and algorithms that were the professional requirement of age freezing (including time travel and medicine). I increased the longevity of my nervous system. After writing the age-freezing algorithm, I ordered a copy to publicise it for others to download. I said, \"Don't just run it at the start [of your life]. Run it daily\". This policy was valid for all time, and the algorithm would likely contain the same elements in the future. 
71. The immortal noticed that BAG was sometimes slower on sparser or blank texts, and these parts could be deleted (or were tricky at higher levels). I loved that part, finding all combinations of combinations in the BAG algorithm, a part I don't mention as much, which exhausts all combinations of ideas by its idea. By editing the list of common words to ignore when finding word pairs in BAG, I completely changed the output, and the output is always different anyway because it finds a random permutation of ideas. I replaced my body and muscular system with meditation. I added an automatic switch that automatically added words to the dictionary and removed a multithreading feature because it was slow on 1 CPU, to BAG, Text to Breasonings (T2B) and Text to Algorithm Breasoning (T2AB).
72. The immortal checked the speed of the computers by age and concluded the first viable processor to breason out the anti-ageing algorithm was Pentium. I increased the longevity of my immune system and lymphatic system by replacing my body in my home time. I counted the total breasonings generated by BAG and multiplied the requirements by the number of dimensions. I had a unit, 4*50 As (A = 80 sentences) for each of two teleportations, anti-ageing medicines, meditations and thoughts (8 in total). I fixed the error in the failing algorithm, generated and breasoned out the breasonings and performed the teleportations with medicine, meditation and thoughts in each dimension or location.
73. The immortal said the appearance was superficial. I increased the longevity of my integumentary and exocrine systems and replaced my body with meditation. Before starting each day, I breasoned out a red square, yellow and blue handkerchiefs or other seen-as versions of the breasonings. The breasonings from BAG detailed these. I mind reading the object to detail, omitting squares or rectangular prisms.
74. The immortal performed the professional requirements as they went. I increased the longevity of my endocrine system. I helped the character from the other dimension, myself, to appear more clearly with As for each A in the other dimension. The future dimension was a mirror of the home dimension. There was an A for each experienced A, and it was vital for them to be symmetrical.
75. The immortal approached 4*50 As for each thought. I increased the longevity of my digestive system and excretory system and replaced my body. I saved all possible breasonings to save energy by saving them using an assert statement. I timed the time saved. I found that end-to-end BAG breasoning in conjunction with saving breasonings as I went reduced the time spent and increased the possibilities.
76. The immortal only ran the BAG algorithm to find the exact number of breasonings for algorithms and arguments. I lengthened the longevity of my circulatory system and cardiovascular system by replacing my body. I timed the speed of BAG on different systems. I scheduled BAG jobs on different days on the systems. I had a backup Virtual Private Server (VPS) in case there was heavy demand.
77. The immortal wrote an interpreter that caught memory limit errors and fixed them. I raised my longevity with the Chinese herb Schisandra, but it later replaced my body. I changed the Prolog stack size to run BAG. I changed from the default stack size to the size BAG needed, tens of gigabytes. The interpreter detected when it was low on memory and increased the stack size.
78. The immortal wrote a programming language with multithreading support online. I considered increasing my longevity with the Chinese herb Gotu Kola, later replacing my body. I put compressed values in a list in the interpreter. I used workers to use multiple CPUs on the smartphone to run BAG possibly. I closed the n windows when finished.
79. The immortal sped up BAG with multithreaded BAG, T2B and T2AB. I increased my longevity with the Chinese herb He-Shou-Wu and replaced my body. I wrote a multithreaded version of Text to Algorithm Breasonings (t2ab). This algorithm worked on machines with multiple CPUs but stopped on a machine with one CPU, requiring modification. The algorithmic details showed strength.
80. The immortal increased their longevity with the Chinese Herb Ginseng. I investigated why T2B didn't add words in automatic mode. These were filler words, so they weren't necessary to keep. These fillers were only used to speed the operation up. I was concerned the algorithm wasn't breasoning out anything, which it was.

"]