["Green, L 2022, <i>Immortality 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Immortality 5

1. I checked the reason's goodness, back-translated it, and mind read omissions.  I wrote the detail log.  I recorded the details for each document. Then, I interpreted them as algorithms.  Each algorithm had ten algorithms related to it.
2.  I made the two-dimensional plan.  I did this by accessing the main parts closer to the centre.  I liked the beautiful movement.  It was fun at different times of the day.  The daylight streamed in, and the room looked lovely at night.
3.  I also developed a circuit printer.  I did this by planning the three-dimensional structure.  Also, I played the 3D adventure game.  In addition, I wrote a game to map proteins. Finally, I worked out what was following and developed businesses.
4.  I passed the output to the programs with a single algorithm.  I did this by creating the command line command to input a data file.  The command outputted an output file.  I made creating the application easier.  I wrote a machine language generator, reused code in a single file, and made code into data.
5.  I found interfaces between people, books and algorithms.  I found predictable and more creative missing algorithms.  For example, I found the cutting-edge conclusion, a predictor of the need for space travel.  I teleported to the student instead.  I gave them my A.

6.  I found the combination of changes that resulted in all tests working.  I changed the singleton variable to an undefined variable.  Also, I renamed a variable, so it wasn't a singleton variable. Next, I deleted the command with undefined variables. Finally, I made singleton arguments in the remaining commands undefined.
7.  I used the cut command in tail recursion optimisation to speed up algorithms.  I turned on a flag signalling the end of the search in the predicate, preventing further searches.  I added an \"ooo\" append mode to catch the remaining commands. Finally, I made a string concat version with undefined characters, like lists.  I could define an undefined string with a certain length before string concat.

8.  I created the multi-choice quiz, testing knowledge of algorithms.  As part of this, I tried it on a simulated character.  This character eliminated incorrect answers.  She also looked up the formula in her notes. Finally, she found the correct answer.
9.  The student understood the difference between the algorithms, including versions.  As part of this, the student understood the algorithm. First, she found the name of the algorithm. Next, she found the output for a given input. Finally, she found the output of a predicate for a given input.

10.  There were pauses until the algorithm worked, where it needed to work by the end of the shift.  As an example of this, I cleared the area.  I did this by removing everything (I made it all white). Next, I matched the future work by one-filling the algorithms' data structures.  I then mind-read students thinking of the contents of these practica.
11.  I finished the algorithms' details by mind-ranking mind-read words by relevance, completing mind mapping previous words and reaching the end of plans for algorithms.  I determined whether words were more relevant to this algorithm or another one.  In addition, I found more relevant structures and names for the structures and assessed the business employees on the new algorithms.  The students refined their algorithms.  I noticed that the students started with the input and output.  Then they mind-mapped the plan to write the algorithm.  Also, they refined the spelling of names in the algorithm in a step-wise manner.
12.  I found the best spec from elements from multiple mind read tests from sentence specs, making me suspicious these were done by an institution to help with writing the pointed-to algorithm.  I determined the type of the algorithm, a search, inductive or interpreter.  There were commands to complete each type of algorithm with parameters automatically. Finally, I used an algorithm (program finder with types) to finish and convert data into an algorithm.  Mind reading found new features, bug fixes and API changes.
13. *I found the C code, eliminating unused variables.  I determined if an idea was a new feature. Then, I mind-read lists of possible new features that could be applied to the algorithm, for example, different modes.  These included constraints, induction and interpreters. Finally, I found the interpreter, simplified it and revolutionised the container.
14.  I realised the person might not understand the machine-generated algorithm.  I found many algorithms and recognised the need for them with an algorithm.  These were tools for writing algorithms.  Program finder with types had much data, converting specs into algorithms and optimising algorithms by neurally choosing parts of previous algorithms.  A program finder with types was inserted as part of the algorithm if the algorithm needed to find other algorithms. In contrast, this novel method of using an algorithm to find different algorithms used in conjunction with neural networks and optimisation helped finish large workloads.
15.  The features corresponding to bug fixes were listed.  I compiled the list of types of bug fixes from my open source repositories.  I did this by finding the metrics for why they improved the algorithm. Next, I found the variables they affected. Finally, I identified and made necessary bug fixes elsewhere.
16.  I predicted the usefulness of different API changes.  I did this by comparing and contrasting API changes.  In this, API changes were changes to the output.  I found the necessary API change.  I dismissed unnecessary API changes.
17.  I converted Prolog to C, using an interpreter to run the Prolog code in C. I wrote the most elegant code by working on individual predicates with CAW with a fast computer and program finder with types.  Prolog was the most straightforward language to use, while C was fast.  I simplified the interpreter in C by reusing code. For example, I could use List Prolog to find and eliminate code with unused variables.  I wrote a meta-inductor that reused past code and a seen-as version that was good.
18.  I optionally removed the retry command.  I inserted cut before the last command in the compilation.  I checked whether I needed to insert the cut command before the previous command in run time.  I kept some choice point data for retry.  I removed some choice point data and freed the heap in memory.
19.  I aimed for the perfect behaviour at each point and compared the behaviour with existing algorithms.  I redid choice points, writing the predicate header in trace mode.  I noticed the program deleted variables from parts of if-then.  Cut could prevent these choice points from being revisited.  I found that business was interested in providing perfect models for employees.
20.  I eliminated extra mentions of variables and ensured the output was consistent on different platforms.  The program detected whether I used each variable in a computation.  The program tracked variables' use throughout the algorithm and eliminated variables if not used.  There needed to be a single data structure that held the necessary data.  Data structures could be merged or deleted.
21.  I C-coded a function that I often used.  I differentiated functions, reusing them where necessary.  I used functions in other ways for better performance.  I measured better performance by complexity.  I differentiated functions by simplifying them and then finding viable alternatives using other functions.
22.  The interpreter-generating algorithm improved the quality of the interpreter by removing unnecessary code.  I converted grammars to write the interpreter.  Ideally, anything could be in anything, with an exception.  I reused parts of grammars.  I wrote the interpreter and then parsed the code to form the grammars, followed by the algorithm prompting me to complete the items within items requirements. 
23.  Also, the interpreter was a neural network.  I wrote the interpreter well by planning. First, I parsed the code to write the interpreter. Then, I annotated the result, identifying and using variables reused but not in the code. Finally, using neural networks, I converted the grammars into the interpreter connected needed parts (associated variables).
24.  The future computer quickly computed the computation and made it available to quantum computers.  I converted the interpreter with unique features to a simple interpreter, using a program finder with types.  The language valued intuitiveness and converted code written using this principle into high-performance code.  For example, grammars could parse strings, but later, code contained string codes.  The quantum computer could not only produce philosophy but beat classical computers' speed at interpreting code.
25.  I found the point of error and corrected it, for example, a user error in complying with a type statement or grammar.  I caught errors from predicates, interpreters and humans failing.  I wrote an interpreter that reported failing predicates.  It also reported its failures, i.e. unknown commands, etc.  It also reported mistypes and suggestions about commands and files for users.

26. In some cases, I didn't record the data structure.  I determined which part of the data structure was necessary to keep.  The data structure was structured hierarchically.  I noted the parts of it that the algorithm referred to later.  I changed recording the data structure to keep only these parts.
27. I was critical of data that the algorithm never compared with other data and didn't output.  I deleted (cut) unnecessary items from memory, ones that the interpreter wouldn't use again.  I traced the choice points as the interpreter used them.  I counted the times the interpreter used them.  If the interpreter never used them again, I deleted them.
28. The interpreter colour-coded the trace lines.  I retried a predicate from the first time I ran the predicate, using choice points from this point.  After the user retried the predicate on exit or failure, the interpreter deleted all the choice points until after the predicate call.  The interpreter reloaded the memory state at this point.  Also, the user could expand the trace line to display fully.
29. Sometimes, I changed parts of the reused code using parameters. Earlier than this, I converged parts of different repositories.  As part of this, I found the same code in other repositories.  I moved it to a place where both repositories could access it. Then, I called it from these repositories.
30. The interpreter needed enough information in the remaining choice points to run the algorithm. Therefore, cuts were inserted before the last commands of a predicate when there were no choice points before them in the predicate.  Otherwise, the interpreter checked if there were no choice points at this point when running and cut the choice points from memory.  Deleting choice points freed up memory and allowed running more algorithms at the same time, also, cutting choice points improved performance.
31. I also expanded ideas in my writing.  Earlier, I trained an optical character recognition algorithm to recognise my handwriting.  I trained it to recognise letters, words and phrases as part of this.  I allowed an algorithm to expand abbreviations and acronyms.  After transcription, I could develop the algorithms specified in the writing.
32. I trained the software to recognise the flow of my writing, producing a single flow of text.  I trained the software to recognise symbols such as carat marks and arrows and inserted lines in my writing.  Carat marks inserted words or phrases above from above or below a line.  Arrows and notes pointed to sections to duplicate or modify.  Quotation marks also signalled duplicating sections.
33. I wrote an algorithm that converted Prolog list processing into grammar. First, I simplified the strong types algorithm. Then, I wrote the grammar for the algorithm.  This grammar converted strong types into token terms.  Also, an algorithm could convert grammar into C, which was faster.
34. I used a type checker to identify strings or string codes.  Before this, I used strings, not string codes, in grammar. First, I converted a text to parse into single characters. Then, I parsed it using a grammar with strings, making debugging easier. Finally, I could use a two-moded grammar, which could give the string code for a string.
35. I also wrote a \"for all\" predicate.  Separately, I rigorously tested the different modes of append, etcetera.  I combined variables with strings in various combinations in append.  Also, I did this with the member predicate.  I constructed an atom, e.g. \"io\", for the first argument input and the second one output, for each use of, e.g. member and used this in different repositories.
36. I could also abbreviate append to a.  I tested the unusual append A [b, C] [D, e] predicate query.  This returned A = [], C = e and D = b.  I preferred commas to spaces to avoid typographical mistakes.  However, there could be any number of spaces.
37. I also wrote a multi-modal version of append in C.  I wrote the append predicate in C with equals4.  I wrote equals4 in C.  I rewrote append [a] [b] C as equals4 C [a]:[b].  Instead, I wrote the append predicate in C to do this.
38. I cut off the maximum number of outputs possible. First, I wrote a non-ending result of append with C. Then, I wrote the query append(A, b, C). This query produced the output:
A = [],
C = b ;
A = [_A],
C = [_A|b] ;
A = [_A, _B],
C = [_A, _B|b] ; etcetera.
39. Alternatively, I could use findall and a member predicate to number solutions.  I wrote findnsols in C.  I iterated through the possible solutions using a counter.  If the solutions contained a pipe character (\"|\"), I encoded it using a symbol code.  I could print, number and select solutions.
40. Alternatively, I devised a real-time interpreter which a computer user could press \";\" to see each solution.  I disregarded needing the cut command after findnsols.  Without the cut command, the append and member predicates need to be cut by the user to prevent infinite solutions in findsols.  Therefore, I automatically included the cut command at the end of findnsols to only provide n solutions.  I wrote an algorithm that cut off findnsols after a particular time and analysed the answers so far to come to this solution using cut.
41. I based findnsols on findall, with a counter, also possible in C.  Instead of explicitly numbering solutions, the algorithm could implicitly number solutions.  The counter went up by one on a new solution.  It finished when the counter had reached the maximum, or there were no more solutions.  The algorithm didn't fail if there were fewer than N solutions.

42.  I aimed to cut choice points for better performance.  I used the cut command to cut choice points but kept \"-1\" choice points without choice point data to return to previous predicates.  Separately, I took care not to precede cut with fail, meaning the interpreter ignored the cut command.  If cut preceded fail, the predicate would fail.  Finally, I tried not deleting choice point data from other clause instances.
43.  I questioned whether there was always a recursive command.  I did this by using the cut command in tail recursion optimisation.  As part of this, cut deleted choice point data from the current predicate.  Tail recursion optimisation inserted cut before the last command.  I questioned whether the recursive command was always last.
44.  I manually inserted a cut command when I needed one solution.  I inserted cut before a command possibly exiting with -2 status.  I scanned the state machine for the -2 status.  I considered inserting cut before the last command.  I inserted a possible cut command if there were commands that had choice points before then in the clause or elsewhere in the predicate but didn't insert a possible cut command anyway because there could be no other choice points.
45.  I deleted the obsolete parts of the code.  I inserted a cut at compilation if there were no choice point-creating commands from the start of the predicate (including other clauses).  Then, I checked that the other clauses had no choice points.  Finally, I checked whether the current predicate had no possible choice points.  I could use similar algorithms to check for obsolete code, variables, clauses and predicates. 
46.  I optionally listed cut in the trace.  Alternatively, I inserted a cut command at runtime if there was no cut before the last command in the clause and there were no other choice points in the predicate (including other predicate IDs joined with the same predicate number).  When I encountered the possible_cut command, and the algorithm met the conditions, I inserted a cut.  Next, I listed the predicates to inspect the cut commands.  Finally, I listed the state machine to inspect the cut commands.
47.  I manually placed the cut by inspecting the data with the program finder with types.  I used the cut command at runtime if there were no choice points in any predicate clauses, i.e. none in the heap.  Next, I scanned records of choice points for the predicate in the heap, and if there were none, I inserted cut.  I considered manually inserting the cut command if the specification suggested that a single solution was required.  Also, I worked out where to place the cut.
48.  Choice point commands included commands or predicate calls with particular arguments meaning they generated choice points.  During compilation, I found the choice points in the predicate.  I followed all possible paths from the start to the end.  If there was a choice point, I labelled the clause \"without cut\".  If there were choice point commands, I couldn't insert cut.
49.  I returned a warning about cuts and choice points in redundant code.  I could ignore redundant cuts or choice points in an if-then clause that was always true or false.  I could ignore cuts and choice points in obsolete clauses and predicates.  In the case of a variable that is always true and used as an argument causing code to become redundant, 
I could ignore this code.  But instead, I returned a warning about redundant code.
50.  I ignored unregistered, unused predicates.  The interpreter recognised multiple predicates as creating a choice point.  I ignored the other clauses if there was a cut or fail combination in that order.  If there were numerous unnegated clauses, they created choice points that could affect inserting a cut command.  Also, they would be manually cut.
51.  I included an option to turn off tail recursion optimisation or the insertion of cut when there were no choice points in a predicate.  I inserted the command in compilation to possibly insert cut if there were no choice points at runtime.  I inserted the cut command in this case if there was no cut there already.  I examined whether inserting cut needed brackets.  At runtime, I changed the possible_cut command to cut if necessary.
52.  I hid inserted cut commands from appearing in the program or trace for simplicity, not the following.  I replaced the last command with \"(!, last_command)\", i.e. wrapped the two commands in brackets (a function).  I inserted the brackets function, adjusting the line numbers of the state machine.  I didn't insert the cut command; I just called the cut predicate when I had labelled the predicate at compilation or the conditions were met before I ran the last command.
53.  I didn't need brackets or to manually insert cut because I could check which command might exit on -2 and run the cut predicate before running the command.  Even though I negated its need, as an exercise, I detected whether inserting the cut command needed brackets.  I didn't insert the brackets if there weren't brackets already.  Also, I didn't insert brackets if the last command was part of a logical structure that didn't need brackets but did if necessary.  For example, if the last command was a single command in a consequent of an if-then statement, it required brackets.
54.  The compiler didn't have a retry command.  On another note, I not only set the choice point data in a choice point to [], I deleted the choice point.  Deleting the entire choice point in the heap freed memory.  I freed memory to allow better performance.  As a result, an algorithm could run faster and finish running in time.
55.  I deleted unused clauses and predicates, measured by a counter.  As part of this, I deleted the unnecessary variable.  This variable was a singleton.  I deleted the commands that only had singletons and constants as a result.  I also changed mainly unused (unprocessed) variables to be undefined.
56.  I reused optimised algorithms.  I didn't need to compare the variable, so I deleted it.  I checked that the comparison of the variable made no difference to the program's output with particular specifications.  I could also determine whether comparisons were necessary from the truth of expressions and constant variables without specifications.  I replaced verbose algorithms with optimised versions using specifications.
57.  I challenged the outputted variable because it was hardly ever outputted.  I checked that I didn't need to output the variable.  The variable was operated on but not outputted to a file, screen or another program, so I deleted it.  There was no point in the code that produced it, so I deleted it.  I also deprecated little-used or obsolete commands.

58.  I could load a predicate's choice point trail from the main trail.  I added a separate choice point trail for the current predicate. Then, I added choice points to it.  I also deleted choice points from it. Then, I could move it into the main trail.
59.  I speculated that SLG tabling was useful for Prolog in C.   Before I loaded the trail, I stored the current trail if it wasn't the first one.  The interpreter also saved the last trail.  The current trail increased performance by saving time by manipulating choice points.  I created variables to store and move the current trail.

60.  I deleted duplicate frames in the trail; I used tabling.  I grouped the choice point trail by predicate ID.  I left the predicate.  I moved the choice point trail from the local trail to the main list.  I could access the trail set by predicate ID in the main list.
61.  The user could input properties of the SSI Web Service using the app, for example, to make an adventure game or content management system, in which starting at any page was possible.  I deleted old global variables.  After the interpreter finished with the predicate, it deleted variables from the frame.  I didn't need the variables after the predicate again, except for the tabled result.  I could find tabled data from reused parts of predicates.
62.  I kept one copy of the same results of the different predicates.  I deleted old predicates in the trail.  I did this by detecting when the predicate had finished.  I deleted its data in the trail.  I refound the data if the predicate was rerun.
63.  I also kept unfinished choice points in other instances of the predicate.  I deleted old predicates with the same number in the trail.  When finishing a predicate, I deleted its data, apart from data for returning, when starting a new predicate with the same number but a different ID (another instance of the same predicate).  I kept data for returning.  I also kept return data for the first instance of the predicate in the unbroken sequence.
64.  I redid a predicate to hone in on a bug in the algorithm or interpreter.  I redid predicates.  I redid the predicate on exit or fail.  The interpreter returned to the first instance of the predicate in an unbroken sequence.  When I redid a predicate, I deleted frame and global data back to the start of the sequence.
65.  I cleared the table and compared performance with and without it.  I kept a copy of a predicate's result for the next time it was required.  I used the results of a previous computation without repeating the computation to save time.  If the code was the same, the result was the same.  I reused code in parts of predicates and predicates and used the same results.
66.  Over time, I deprecated and reused old commands.  The interpreter deleted tables of past results when it reloaded the algorithm.  I also kept results tables to avoid wasting time when rerunning an algorithm. Finally, I worked out that the interpreter could do the computations instantaneously.  I alerted myself when a program had reentered a previous version.
67.  I reran the code to check whether the results were identical.  I noted that the interpreter could only give the tabled results again, e.g. if it gave the program a(\"a\") the query a(_) or a(\"a\") not a(\"b\").  If there were programs a(\"a\") and a(\"b\"), then the interpreter could give only a query returning one result.  I could use the old results sometimes when I introduced unrelated code.  I checked whether the new code matched the predicates and gave new results.
68.  I detected a human error in the tabled results.  The results table was kept for intact algorithm parts, except if there were outside APIs, asserted global variables, random numbers or unpredictable user input given.  I alerted myself when running unpredictable code.  I compiled a report about the use of tabled results.  I was cautious of using old results if I introduced new code with the same predicate name and arity (number of arguments).
69.  I found new uses for tabled results.  I did this by following the calls and graphing them. For example, I counted the calls made to and by each predicate.  I preferred algorithms with more straightforward call graphs.  I also tracked tabling and the rate of tables used.
70.  I reduced algorithms to single predicates, sometimes with calls to other predicates.  I modularised code, simplifying data and removing anything unnecessary.  I found the recurring code and referred to a copy of it multiple times.  I detected whether different algorithms shared the same result and deleted one after inspecting them. Finally, I used the simpler algorithm.
71.  I used type statements to check what was input and what was output.  I only used completely defined queries in tabling. I did this by checking that I completely defined all the input arguments. Also, I checked that I completely defined all the output arguments. Finally, I checked that all of the arguments in the query matched the result.
72.  Some people were immortal.  Immortal people were wise.  Therefore, some people were wise.  I imagined that a future civilisation developed a technology to help people live past their natural lifespans.  These people were wise, and it was silly for people not to learn to become immortal.  
73.  I wrote libraries to use in algorithms.  I did this by finding new features of SSI and researching them.  Separately, I tested each predicate by itself.  I also used features from my algorithms, for example, SSI. Finally, I developed philosophies with algorithms with features.
74.  I described the feature with a video.  I made the video about the SSI feature. Then, I loaded the library into the algorithm.  The library made more predicates available.  Compiling used libraries with the algorithm was done by converting libraries into C and adding their code to the application.
75.  The virtual machine could run on any platform.  I simulated memory in the virtual machine, only using what was needed and processing threads simultaneously.  I allocated memory for variables.  It was like C.  I tracked memory locations used and reused pigeon holes.
76.  I installed the algorithm using the website, using drag and drop.  I noticed that the application had no unused variables.  I noticed that the application had no unused functions.  I noticed that it reused, not unnecessarily duplicated code.  It had no errors, and integrating code was easy.
77.  Lucian Prolog was SSI, which the user converted to C to run.  I designed the user interface for the server.  I could select multiple files using checkboxes and open, run, delete, copy or move/rename.  I could also run commands.  For example, I could run batch commands using Prolog.
78.  The app maker included installation information or instructions for SSI Web Service with the app.  I compiled the SSI Web Service app.  I wrote the app in Prolog.  Then, I ran it as an online API or distributed it to run with SSI Web Service.  Subscribers could use it for free or paid and access a JSON file from a web page after sending parameters for the app to compute.
79.  I wrote predicate-long functions and applied the optimisations to the operating system.  I dragged and dropped in the graphical user interface.  I dragged the icon from one point to another using Java or Javascript.  I could choose an angle on the office.  I could use glasses and drag a file from one device to another.
80.  Lists needed to be converted to strings when converting to C (using Lucian or another Prolog), eliminating unnecessary white space.  The user converted Prolog to C.  He used a grammar to convert the Prolog code to C code.  He used commands to simulate Prolog commands, such as univ, (a(B, C) =.. [a, B, C]).  He represented terms as strings and converted them to array lists, where terms contained lists, not round brackets (until later).

"]