["Green, L 2024, <i>Immortality 21</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Immortality 21

1. The immortal simulated each part of their company. I pretended to be a bot. I breasoned out 250 breasonings to become the bot. I walked around. I took notes.
2. The immortal tested each document from three perspectives. I became three testers for it, the attraction, to work. I redrafted, or optimised the algorithm. I redrafted, or reconnected the essay.  This testing helped support students and spurned new ways of completing assignments.
3. The immortal followed rules for a perfect result each time. I wrote 50 breasonings to and from people per thought in business, education and the department concerned. The business breasonings helped give people thoughts and better establish their thoughts.  The education breasonings were appropriate for an education course, and helped them concentrate on abstract visualisation in computer science and philosophical meanings.  The home department breasonings helped them examine the thing in itself, or noumenon, and presented them with imagery that education couldn't.
4. The immortal breasoned out business, education and departmental breasonings for students' thoughts. The breasonings that the company required to be done for the student were done for the student if they didn't do them. The detector detected whether the student had done the breasonings. If they were done but breasonings were incorrect, incomplete or there weren't the right number of them, then the computer finished them. If they weren't done, then the computer performed them.
5. The immortal tested for speed, accuracy and originality of thoughts. The algorithm detected the students' thoughts.  Like program finders, there were mind readers for questions. They had leeway, for example they allowed generative art based on science. This thought, explained to the student with 250 breasonings and a spiritual screen, suited open-ended questions best.
6. The immortal wrote the practicum for the other thoughts. The detected business, education and department thoughts were the practicum for As, meaning I didn't necessarily need to do any more work. I followed their thoughts. I gave A. This was 100%.
7. The immortal followed the business format for education, which drew students and met the professional requirements. I wrote five As, for the text, lecture, and three students. I wrote 80 sentences in the text, containing algorithm specifications. I wrote 80 breasonings for the lecture about the text, a unique work. I wrote a unique A for each of three model students.
8. The immortal developed texts on different topics about a topic. The non-text As, for the lecture and three students, didn't include breasonings from the text. Instead, they were on the same topic and were original. The lecture may have the form of a secondary text, from a departmental perspective. The As for the three students may represent thoughts from one or more students.
9. The immortal thought cosmology referred to plants. I used a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, which connected all combinations of sentences, then reordered them with the permutation command. I expanded some of these as an A. The text contained all ideas in the original. The text helped synthesise or critically analyse the text.
10. The immortal focused on simulated intelligence algorithm, which helped construct the simulation. I wrote the philosophy of algorithms. I chose an algorithm.  It was the argument.  I wrote other sentences in terms of this argument, rearranging the key words each time.
11. The immortal supported his number one, experience prestigious education, his home time and the future. I supported the simulation with the Text to Breasonings, Mind Reader, Grammar Logic and Time Machine Simulated Intelligence apps. Text to Breasonings supported one's job in education or business. Mind Reader supported algorithms such as Grammar Logic to cover one's thoughts completely and meet performance requirements. Time Machine allowed people to live within the window of the government supporting Text to Breasonings and support projects at different times.
12. The immortal completed the basic assignment, then wrote more after graduating. I broke texts into 16 paragraphs. Texts that were this short could be inspirations for students to write algorithms. The texts were short because they were dense with algorithm specifications.  Each algorithm was as simple or simpler than an interpreter, and could be chosen to write.
13. The immortal chose good works to resynthesise. I wrote five times as many hidden philosophies and algorithms when they were approximated, wrote them up, then chose one out of five. I checked that the subject and object agreed with ontologies in philosophies. I checked that input and output agreed with ontologies in algorithms. I also checked that the philosophy and algorithm agreed with ontologies, and that good ideas were exhausted and poor ones were objected to.
14. The immortal changed close to correct phrasings. Instead of using a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, I modified the output of the \"br alg gen\" algorithm. I entered text as input to the \"br alg gen\" algorithm.  It produced \"540 degree\" mixtures of sentences, allowing for unwanted connectives. I rejected these if they didn't agree.
15. The immortal interpreted an algorithmic process in a text or manipulated an algorithm, producing another algorithm. Instead of using a similar algorithm to Essay Helper, I modified the output of the \"types to alg\" algorithm. It replaced parts of input, recognised patterns and pattern matched to produce output with an algorithm. It could transform texts or algorithms with pattern matching.  I checked whether the transformations were correct with ontologies.
16. The immortal wrote ontologically corrected texts. I produced a text from an algorithm from an interpreted algorithmic process. I entered a text about pouring liquid into a cup and a text about mathematical subtraction. I found the algorithm about removing liquid.  I wrote this as a sentence.

17. The immortal published the noumena behind the philosophy. I wrote a book of fantasies in Computer Science. It contained step-by-step explanations of algorithms. These algorithms were my projects and could become the students'; they were model answers. In addition, I gave the project specs.
18. The immortal gave attention to detail in each assignment. I copywrote a document per assignment. This copywriting helped protect the project from unfinished big ideas. Copywriting contained at least 4*50 As. The customer's effort so far was covered.
19. The immortal structured and drafted the essay. I saved tips for high distinctions on my desktop. These came from my Education master's degree. I wrote the paper in the correct format, with the content I needed. I paraphrased and then checked the essay. 
20. The immortal wrote appropriately for the master's degree. I abided by more essay writing tips. I removed the first person \"I\". I applied my knowledge at each point in the degree. I replaced \"expose\" with \"examined\".
21. The immortal modified inappropriate expressions. I wrote signposts as dot points, not sentences. I split long sentences with different ideas. I deleted \"regarding this\". I changed \"research has been brought up\" to \"extensive research has been conducted\".
22. The immortal cited sources correctly. I removed \"therefore, where\". When using the APA 7 citation style, I didn't include their initials unless there were two people with the same surnames in the same year. There were no citations with \"as cited in\" at the postgraduate level. Instead, U used original references, if recent. I deleted \"recently\".
23. The immortal carefully wrote the essay. I didn't encourage brackets. Instead of \"also\", I wrote \"in a similar way\" or \"in addition\". I used an argument map to write the essay. Finally, I used an automated service that checked my report.
24. The immortal checked the essay. First, I checked that I had referenced sources in-text and in the references list. Then, I wrote connections between reasons and paragraphs. Next, I copywrote a seen-as-version, coloured pixels, for the essay. Finally, I prooflistened to the article.
25. The immortal continued to study education. I wrote and connected many, at least two, sources in one of the paragraphs to deserve a high distinction. I thanked the professor. I wrote the essay. I read the better-performing article and came to this conclusion.
26. The dear immortal transferred knowledge about the calculation. I breasoned out the assignment, 250 algorithms, and 250 breasonings for each project. In addition, I used the Grammar Logic algorithm to mind-read a total of 125*2*50*80 = 1 million breasonings. This figure was multiplied by 4 in PhDs assignments. Or, it was multiplied by 5 in copywriting.
27. The system alerted the immortal when someone needed his help. I developed the ticket system to support users. I used State Saving Interpreter Web Service to write the system. I could support Prolog users on a forum. Special solutions may appear on the forum.
28. The immortal wrote philosophy for children and beginners. I copywrote a plan to write online about my philosophy. I professionally wrote each article. These articles explained the theory more clearly. The theory was computational.
29. The immortal wrote each entry in a high-quality way. I copywrote a plan to write online about my computer science. I established a forum about my programming language. I wrote the forum software in Prolog. I publicised new commands and read about the need for other new commands.
30. The immortal wrote a multithreaded, segmented algorithm to write many breasonings. The copywriting formula contained 6*125*2*5*50*80 = 30 million GL breasonings. I completed this for each key idea. In this, I wrote two, symbolising two people having cups of tea. I enjoyed sales for free.
31. The immortal explored the person's ideas, giving As to prospects. I wrote web, education and business copywriting for each website page. The intern was the \"main person\" to the funnel. I had a trust algorithm. I fully cognised opportunities around lost opportunities.
32. The immortal recognised the need for top-level exhaustion of choice points. Before this, I wrote web copywriting for my website. I divided the web into programming and fine art. Programming could be the backend and frontend. State Saving Interpreter Web Service catered for the backend, and the frontend was HTML and Javascript.

33. The immortal sold education. I wrote education copywriting for my website. The point of the website was education. Students completed courses on it. They firmly believed in it. It was a friendly community.
34. The immortal analysed the business side of website intuitiveness. I wrote business copywriting for my website. This copywriting helped meet the professional requirement of the website. Meeting this professional requirement enabled employee and customer presence. In addition, it boosted sales.
35. The immortal wrote for the payment. I wrote in essay format when publishing philosophy online. I wrote the essay. The essay contained a hierarchical argument. I wrote the detailed reasoning.
36. The immortal designed the website for others. I ensured the accessibility of my website to disabled people. I used the specific tags necessary for visual elements. I used headings and subheadings. I used descriptive link text.
37. The immortal ensured visitors were human. I wrote a test to eliminate bots from logging in. This test could be A+B=?.  Alternatively, it could be A?A=B. Or, it could be f(A, B)=B-A, so what is f(C, D)?
38. The immortal provided another password for vision-impaired students. I ensured the accessibility of the \"bot check\" for non-vision-impaired students. I could use images. The images used contrasting colours. This way, all students could log in without difficulty.
39. The immortal sold each book. There were 50 copywritings per 50 As of philosophy. Lecturers could submit a minimum of 80 breasonings or 1 A. This A expanded into 4*50 As in copywriting. In total, there were 50*50 As.
40. The immortal verified the type of data. I wrote grammars as List Prolog types. These were types of strings. For example, a string might be a list as a string. Or, they were types of lists.
41. The immortal only time travelled when they wanted to. I switched off that other people could involuntarily time travel a character in the simulation's daily regimen. I opened the daily regimen document. I programmed 250 quantum box breasonings for the switch. I switched this switch on for each time travel destination daily.
42. The immortal compared research with the articles. I wrote 4*50 As in journalism. I wrote down my plans to write articles. I collected 4*50 As. I wrote articles.
43. The immortal wrote virality and research 4*50 As. The research included departments in the meditation school and those in other schools. First, I wrote the research idea. Then, I compared it with the latest research. Finally, I wrote arguments and algorithms for new frontiers.
44. The immortal wrote on all topics. I wrote 4*50 As in publishing. These 4*50 As met the professional requirement for publishing articles. Also, I could publish books, journal articles and videos. There were ten breasonings that everything related to.
45. The immortal related unpredictable commands to acting. I wrote 4*50 As for acting. I could feature actors in articles, books or videos. They followed the rules about the work. I placed an associated item from one publication in another.
46. The immortal wrote songs about philosophy and computer science. I wrote 4*50 As in music. I wrote about the genre and types of compositions that I would write. I wrote 4*50 As for each song. The radio station played my songs.
47. The immortal supported students' and meditators' positive, relevant thoughts. I wrote 4*50 As for thoughts. These could be thoughts in a department. These 4*50 As could be expanded to thoughts in each department. I could also expand them per person, per thought.
48. The immortal wrote an opera or work. Next, I wrote a copywritten sentence by breasoning out 4*50 quantum box text to breasonings As for each paragraph. If there were further ideas in each paragraph, they were breasoned out separately. Finally, I wrote the prologue of the ideas. Finally, I designed the garments to accompany the prologue.

49. The immortal paid $0 for results. I wrote six cycles of 4*50 As for copywriting. These six repeats ensured that copywriting would work. Copywriting working meant that it met professional standards. I gave the rest to too many.
50. The immortal wrote the argument map editor. I wrote the argument for the assignment. I wrote the thesis statement in terms of reasons and objections with rebuttals. I chose the overbearing side. In addition, I related each reason to the argument and topic.
51. The immortal analysed the topic. I wrote the critical analysis in the report. I connected each reason to a previous reason in the report. I wrote the reasons in order. I filled in the gaps and removed unnecessary sentences.
52. The immortal met the professional political requirements. I wrote the 4*50 copywriting As for politics. I wrote 50 As. 50 As were the way of thinking of politics. It was supported by a master's.
53. The immortal went through the information. I wrote the 4*50 copywriting As for royalty. The royal was a pedagogue. With 50 As, people could come and go. Royals could make other royals their audience.
54. The immortal granularised mind-read data until reaching correctness. I wrote the 4*50 copywriting As for politics and royalty. The political royal went through the information with simulated intelligence. They had 4*50 As for mind-reading. They generated 4*50 As for a mind-reading time.
55. The immortal wrote pedagogical arguments before conducting business. The business degree revealed the white-collar process. First, the student completed market research. Second, he wrote the positioning document. Third, he conducted an email campaign.
56. The immortal determined possible ways of making money. The business conducted market research. The marketer decided whether there was a need for a product or service. It could use surveys, interviews, focus groups and customer observation. It could occur at home, on the street, in the office, or in a market research facility.
57. The immortal wrote similar statements to those in a document. The company wrote the positioning statement. The positioning statement describes the product or service, the target audience and how it fills a market need. Sales and marketing used this statement to guide communication. In addition, the document ensured that all messages were consistent.
58. The immortal facilitated philosophy. The worker conducted the email campaign. Each person had 250 breasonings. It was simple to make money, and people bought. The product was philosophy.
59. The immortal was effective in pedagogy. The writer bought the copywriting for the pedagogical ways of thinking. These were the details, breasoning and rebreasoning. In addition, they included breathsoning and rebreathsoning. Finally, they had room, part of the room, the direction in the room, time to prepare, time to do and time to finish an action.
60. The immortal went over what was enough in copywriting. In addition to recommending copywriting on the Text to Breasonings repository, I taught courses in philosophy. These courses helped students make devise philosophies and sell copywriting. I attacked large projects. I moved to the next task when a project was valuable enough.
61. The immortal chose from the quantum box, random, mind-reading and detailed mind-reading As. I wrote copywriting for A to copywriting. Copywriting helped me reach the threshold of achievement. This achievement could be a shop opening for a day. Or, it could be an important sale. Or, it could be an employee turning up for a shift.
62. The immortal identified and objected to blocks to copywriting. I wrote B to B to copywriting. I made money from courses, but students could be professional in their assignments. I enjoyed endurance athletics and work. I caught blocks to copywriting and encouraged copywriting.
63. The immortal chose between copywriting and non-copywriting. I copywrote the B to copywriting. As mentioned, copywriting is necessary, but education has more resources. In addition, education provided more content and support over time. Finally, degrees supported jobs, while copywriting may be required within degrees.
64. The immortal secretly preferred long projects in the holidays. I developed 4*50 As for thoughts. The student felt relaxed and supported in thinking of ideas during her degree. The institution rewarded her for writing breasonings. The thoughts were educational skill hierarchies for each algorithm.

65. The person became immortal using meditation. \"Meditation\" by Lucian Green contains a chapter on the utterance for relaxation. The utterance helped the person time travel, which is necessary for immortality. The utterance delivered high-quality thoughts, and I could practise it daily. The year 5689 contained immortality.
66. The immortal chose immortality. \"Meditation\" by Lucian Green contains a chapter on the sutra for relaxation. The sutra gave meditators the quality of life they wanted. They could think clearly. They had the confidence to use spiritual skills.
67. The person analysed the levels and logic of the sentence, finding immortality more quickly. State Saving Interpreter runs Prolog online without visible source code. The interpreter could securely run web applications. The source code wasn't visible within the source of the web page. The programmer stored the algorithm and data on the server.
68. The immortal ran scripts daily. State Saving Interpreter Web Service catered for the backend. The web app allowed time travel. In addition, it gave \"As\" to prepare for immortality. Everyone in the future was immortal.
69. The immortal spent time time travelling. The song \"Neiney Goes to the Translator\" was on the radio, increasing interest in the dance/pop song. It was about the area sum slicing algorithm. I visited times. I wrote notes about my thoughts.
70. The immortal wrote freely, with people interacting. As a four-year-old, I attended the Scuola Materna in Italy while my father lectured in History at Lucca. I played, made robots and saw friends. I used these skills to earn high distinctions and perform in my career. I had the system for 4*50 As for one result.
71. The immortal wrote to support himself. I studied philosophy at Melbourne University. I wrote my philosophy while studying. I expanded this later. The philosophy was on topics related to immortality.
72. The immortal examined the harmless possibilities. I delivered papers at three international philosophy conferences. I timed the speech. I chose the topic and wrote about it, attracting audience members. I published my works.
73. The immortal studied and wrote. I wrote on Hegel, Heidegger and Daoism. I used pedagogy to write high distinctions. I used Computational English to write computational high-distinctions. In addition, I used Computational English to write about Philosophy.
74. The immortal maintained their products. Copywriting was a number of breasonings on arguments, algorithms and details. I wrote copywriting each day on the State Saving Interpreter. Users visited the repository and downloaded it. The algorithm supported them in using it with thoughts.
75. The immortal specialised in specific projects. I created the Computer Science course. Students enrolled in the class. They completed Simulated Intelligence projects. Their thoughts were listened to and helped.
76. The immortal had a positive function in the simulation. I breasoned out arguments daily to avoid mistakes, unwanted thoughts and medical problems in the simulation. I consciously chose the correct options. I always thought positively. In addition, I kept on a safe path.
77. The immortal made a living from their shop. I created the shop. I sold information products, such as algorithms, APIs and courses. I started the shop with State Saving Interpreter Web Service. I made product areas.
78. The immortal wrote code using code he had written himself. I found code from the description and spec. I wrote code in Prolog. I found the context, such as a shop, an off-line algorithm or a type of algorithm. I asked for any missing pieces of information. I used evidence, not invented it.
79. The immortal educated users in writing games. I wrote the text platform game. I wrote a font for the background. I timed and caught keypresses for the game. I wrote tonal music for the game.
80. The immortal increased the features of the game. I modified the text platform game for the web with colours and graphics. It automatically refreshed, returning any key press. I used different coloured text and backgrounds. I used graphics for the main character and background.
"]