["Green, L 2024, <i>Immortality 26</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Immortality 26

1. The immortal listed grammars, including functional calls in one place for a programming language - a political quorum tested List Prolog code in State Saving Interpreter (SSI) Web Service. I listed the List Prolog parsers and uniformly supported the same list of commands. I kept \"|\" in lists without affecting the separate pipe notation. I supported higher-order calls in different programming languages in Lucian CI/CD.
2. The meditator held the administrative meditation company position and became immortal. I examined the politics (summary algorithm, which deciphered or reverse-engineered texts). The meditators were supported to freeze their age with 4*50 As for two time jumps, two sets of anti-ageing medicine and meditation. In addition, they had 4*50 As for several high-quality thoughts. The meditators were more likely to think of algorithms.
3. The immortal covered the assignments and software and then started research. The main person algorithm helped the meditators to think of algorithms. I met enough magnates, followed by securing funding for meditation institutions. Setting up an educational institution online and later expanding overseas was possible. I favoured algorithm makers over neuronetworks to generate more employee income and reach a great enough understanding.
4. The immortal wrote the function in the call and reduced automated algorithm writing to constraint satisfaction problems. I simplified a sentence to one word to help rewrite the sentence to be more straightforward and stay in line with the book's direction at that point. I made a website that required a certain amount of money for users to make a profit, to make a profit. I calculated how many extra viewers the site bots would bring, then ran advertisements to make money. The culture made the company; for example, Lucian Prolog's logo was a series of stacked L's, which came from leaving comments undeleted, inspiring experimenting with old code to learn how to use maplist in an advanced way.
5. The immortal wrote surprising developments on predicates. I asked for payment for meditation teaching for each person. I contacted the person. I gave away a book. I asked for a donation.
6. The immortal played the song about the thought. The writer gave the presentation with the call to action to become immortal. I ran music composer to write music about lines of philosophy. I reran it until it returned an unusual result, then built on this result or reran it for music about the outcome. Music helped resolve, inspire and synthesise philosophy.
7. The immortal prepared the student for furthering their lifespan. The educational institution offered a method to become immortal, encouraging children to meditate and pursue writing from a young age. I gave away the Immortality book at a prestigious educational institution. This textbook was for critical analysis of immortality to help all cover it over time. I found out the student's thoughts, gave them A, and then asked what they thought about a question.
8. The immortal is prepared to be congenial. I tested myself on the political dimensions of my algorithms and uncovered new implications for arguments. I found out students' thoughts and discussed writing an algorithm. I collected data on particular lines, such as formatting preference, method preference and political ideas aligned with specific methods. I gave politics an algorithm and argument from an intersectional perspective.
9. The immortal argued for small ideas in favour of unlimited resources. I wrote on the ethics of immortality, such as professionally developing oneself and sustaining writing computational philosophy, including writing at least three levels of details. In Lucian CI/CD's bottom-up version (which tested the algorithm bottom-up, allowing more possible changes to be tested because predicates were tested individually), I inserted predicates with possible changes into the list of predicates so far to keep the version with the correct changes. I identified predicates from their name and arity and inserted changed predicates in the order of the original predicates. I tested the politics of levels of details for algorithms, where the politics included research directions and preferences, assuming ideal resources.
10. The immortal worked and studied in cognate areas. I considered the ethics of immortality, such as using computational resources and energy, medical issues and how to sustain oneself, and recommended educating pandits to maintain themselves by breasoning out 4*50. As for meditation, medicine and time travel and indicating these with thought commands, backed up by As. I avoided testing empty lists of repositories in Lucian CI/CD. When an empty list was inputted, I returned it. It was thought that business could sustain living costs and supported the thoughts of an immortal, while education helped with the educator's job.
11. The immortal ran only the necessary tests, speeding up development time. I reported the achievements during immortality. I simplified the use of findall in Lucian CI/CD. I tested each combination of changes with the appropriate tests. I logged and saved successful predicates as I went.
12. The immortal was in charge of 100%, the standard in the immortality course, for example, algorithms with 100% correctness. I recommended Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) breasonings to all people for immortality. In Lucian CI/CD, I got tests from the files being tested. The test only passed when all tests had been passed. All people attained all tests.
13. The immortal regularly saved backups of repositories to return to a working version. I accepted payment for helping with immortality education to help sustain the institution and support the industry. I saved the predicates tested to work thoroughly and tested in order of increasing complexity, so the simplest working predicates were preferred. I emphasised concentrating on accreditation, version control and attitudes to return to working versions for primary school programmers.
14. The immortal found travelling to cities was safe. I supported the other programming language in Lucian CI/CD by parsing its dependencies and working with its existing newlines. I processed algorithms by predicate or function, identified by the parser, separated by newlines and comments. I tested multiple repositories connected to a changed file. The cost of setting up LM centres worldwide was four billion dollars.
15. The immortal could run multiple tests on a virtual disk at the same time. I wrote a multithreaded version of Lucian CI/CD that tested code in memory at the same time, requiring interpreters and a virtual disk. The predicates with a combination of tests were inserted into the existing code and were assigned numbers from the start. Optionally, a parser separated commands with newlines. I wore sunglasses and listened to rain or waves in earphones while I worked.
16. The immortal displayed the relevant information to help debug the Lucian CI/CD log. The virtual interpreter was multithreaded. When all the tests had been passed, the set of repositories passed. If a test wasn't required but was present and it couldn't be passed, the repositories would fail, resulting in the need to delete the test. The repositories to test were linked together in the List Prolog Package Manager (LPPM) registry, and the main_file.txt file in each repository contained the primary file name in the repository, its main predicate and arity.

17. The immortal found out As and details. I learned about myself and my needs as an immortal in the past, present and future. To start my accreditation organisation, I wrote 200 sets of 50 As. These were used to write on current and cross-references areas of study. I investigated the format, 80% of sales product support and support for students in time.
18. The immortal designed a meditation simulation. I explored 100% of the best ideas at a time in a Vetusia-style text adventure format by talking with characters and clocking philosophical stories. I applied the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG, which synthesised completely new arguments), not just Grammar Logic (GL, which involved new key terms to find details), to lectures to help earn high distinctions. At the minimum, I wrote further information using GL for an exact number of breasonings. I mind-mapped (investigated) researched points (future industries).
19. The immortal explored code issues using critical analysis. I wrote a premium code checker in the form of a Vetusia-style text adventure, in which players teleported to different parts of the algorithm and used techniques they had written earlier in the game, such as writing C code to speed up code. I wrote As for lectures and assignments to earn a high distinction. I detailed them, helped and wrote specific As. I regularly added philosophies to my books for critical analysis.
20. The immortal helped different people. The code checker worked with List Prolog. I wrote three pomodoros to arrive at generality when composing texts. This process helped attain the correct writing quality, containing ten original ideas. The professor referenced the same three ideas.
21. The immortal experienced the result at the time. List Prolog Interpreter and State Saving Interpreter had both non-multithreaded and multithreaded versions. I tripled the 3.2 million breasonings for each person daily, including personal, the academy and society. I performed the work for each accredited student. The result was fast and intuitive.
22. The immortal claimed that computers helped GL with a list of philosophies from the future to be effective with more meditators thought of. The programming language was intuitive to program in (like Prolog), fast (like C) and different (like philosophy's multiplicity). History and Philosophy of science was more brilliant because it included Physics. In the non-computer era, people could program a computer in the future. The people in the past couldn't see computers when they time travelled to the future but learned from mathematics and physics classes in the future with bots from the past. They chose a virtual machine and a programming language and wrote and ran algorithms from a found-out list.
23. The immortal found the computational technology that helped them, such as a validity tester. The pop singer thought of how new science research related to their study area. In Lucian CI/CD (which found the correct combination of changes to algorithms using tests), I used a predicate that found the tests in the code to be tested. If no tests tested successful for the code, the algorithm failed. So, all predicates in the code needed to be tested.
24. The immortal thought of the best ideas with a new set of ten details. With the latest technology, the pop philosophy singer found all combinations of all combinations of their ideas and commented on them. Lucian CI/CD verified that the number of successful current predicate tests matched the number of current predicates, where the current predicates were the clauses of a predicate, predicates enclosed in a loop or predicates called by and calling predicates in a set. The algorithm's success, and therefore the correctness of the code it tested, depended on the success of all the current predicates, where tests could be omitted for code that would be disregarded. A new version of BAG minimised (eliminated unnecessary repetition) and maximised (thought of all viable possibilities).
25. The immortal completed 100% of the algorithms. Essay Helper found ten sentences with ten parts (three sentences with three or four unwritten details) with BAG, or ten parts at first. The number ten captured the idea of a cycle of ten products to maintain sales interest up to 80%. Plato detached algorithms from the text, while Steiner kept theirs as a historical record. Lucian CI/CD set the success predicate to 0 and 1 if it failed (meaning there was a positive \"negative\" result and the algorithm had unsuccessfully finished). Plato appeared to \"cycle\" algorithms that implicitly supported his tests, while Steiner's representation suggested I keep the algorithms in my text.
26. The immortal wrote an algorithm that generated the input, algorithm and output. I wrote different algorithms relating to ideas in other programming languages for freezing my age, where the developed thing in List Prolog was induction, for example, induction and constraint satisfaction programming simultaneously, i.e. output only given. I initially set the finished predicate list to an empty one, so it was not reset while running. I updated the old predicate list to that of a new main file and main predicate. Lucian CI/CD tested the output and integrated new predicates found for new files and predicates with the old ones.
27. The immortal taught pedagogy. My religion was 4*50 As, leading to immortality. I recommended troubleshooting measures, including dependencies, main file and predicate, settings (username, paths), and that the code works (it has the correct include statements) in Lucian CI/CD. The dependencies were the repositories (and their dependencies) that the repository needed. The main file and predicate identified the main files and main predicate that dependencies of predicates were called by. The settings file includes the username used to access the dependencies on the open-source software website, the path of the folder where the algorithms to test are, and the folders to skip. The code should contain \"include\" statements to include necessary files, including dependencies. I found a variety of thoughts leading to higher longevity, and I tested the dependencies of ideas needed, from algorithms to repositories to academic areas of study.
28. The immortal selected from a menu of algorithm makers and could test and fix problems quickly. I wrote 4*50 As with an algorithm that simulated understanding using logic and explaining in its own words using grammars and language to describe everything. I was astounded by how comparatively slow Prolog was. I was determined to write the human intelligence behind neuronetworks and algorithm makers in C, but I was happy with the speed of BAG in Prolog. Separately, Lucian CI/CD could successfully run tests for each predicate. The immortality software will not go away with Prolog because the theory is learned in schools.
29. The immortal also only included necessary modules and predicates in Lucian Prolog. I used logic to determine that the top-level (non-determinism or multiple results per program) in Prolog required C. Lucian CI/CD tested each level of current predicates. First, the algorithm found the dependency of predicates (such as groups of clauses and predicates in loops). It built the repositories based on combinations of changes to current groups of predicates, then tested these to determine which one was right, where testing predicates bottom-up allowed finding predicates with bugs and checking for more changes per predicate. For speed, I considered editing out top-level in Lucian(C)-PL.
30. The immortal simplified non-determinism to C loops. I searched for unwanted non-deterministic (multiple) results from predicates and added the correct result to the testing list and the finished predicate to the BAG database. Lucian CI/CD tested throughout repositories using dependencies, \"include\", and predicate call statements. The dependencies were defined as \"repository one depends on repositories 2 and 3\" and could include circular references. Still, these were cut off, and repositories' tributaries of dependencies were included as their dependencies. Like Prolog, Lucian CI/CD ran algorithms with their dependencies installed, taking their first result.
31. The immortal converted the new Prolog programs to use C's data structures or grammars or string to list every 5 minutes. Like Lucian CI/CD scans, BAG scans occurred every 5 minutes. Lucian CI/CD tested repositories' main files and predicates. These main files and predicates called the rest of the predicates. I used C's data structures to store lists.
32. The immortal detected the main predicate and tested it. I scanned and related the text to a three-part professor perspective to consider others' points of view and expand them. Lucian CI/CD tested all dependencies connected to a repository. First, Lucian CI/CD found all the dependencies associated with the repository and then tested the combinations of their main files and predicates. I automatically detected the main point and tested it.

33. The immortal stated that the premium code checker was legally binding and checked space travel, simulation and particle algorithms. I mind-queried the BAG results for automation, future research and relevance to particle programming. I verified that Lucian CI/CD tests were in the form \"A=1.\", i.e. they had the form \"string (space) = space number/string/atom full-stop\". Tests could have the same variable as another test if recognised as different. The particle algorithm had no \"sameness\" bugs, i.e. a data item was only looked at once.
34. The immortal replaced tests with \"a(1, A).\" with their new version or used only new comments. The particle programming professor had unique views about algorithm contention sides, and the physics model was minimal and superior. In Lucian CI/CD, the tests in the form \"A=1.\" were found in list_to_set1, and other lines that could be duplicated were given once. I found the correct configuration of the multiple predicate algorithm in the micro-Lucian CI/CD environment, adjusting comments in the final version. The model and algorithm were minimised.
35. The immortal accounted for families of relations in results. I sorted words into contention side categories, keeping aware of changed sides. Tests should detect unwanted multiple outcomes and multiple input and output variables. In addition, a test \"a(b=2, A).\" shouldn't be confused with a result such as \"A=1.\". I reduced the \"A='b'.\" test result to \"A='a'.\".
36. The immortal stated that the code contained a(A,B) and a(A,B,C) for speed. I wrote a(A, B) and a(A, B, C) rather than a(D) where D=[A1,..., AN]. I stipulated that all predicates in the code needed to be tested by Lucian CI/CD. Alternatively, the checker could skip untested predicates but give a warning. It might be like maplist and needed different tests for different numbers of arguments.
37. The immortal replaced \"c:-b.\" with \"a:-b.\". The code helper developed a(A, B), a(A, B, C), and so on, when necessary. I kept the changes from another main file or predicate, such as \"a:-b.\" as well as \"c:-b.\", tested after testing another predicate finished. However, when testing a different predicate but the same file, it was better to test all combinations separately if a predicate hadn't been loaded. If there was an erroneous copy of a predicate, it was deleted.
38. The immortal suggested users use third-party tools for security with Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD went through a portal, like an alias for a folder if it was available. I tested that Lucian CI/CD worked with erroneous data and merged the correct changes to repositories. To save time, I tried the main predicate and the lowest child nodes, not the intermediate predicates. I tested the intermediate predicate's working directory and other values for correctness.
39. The immortal was happy because of specific As. I prepared my Virtual Private Server (VPS) to run any software as a backup. I set old predicates at the start of Lucian CI/CD and explained simulated intelligence. I found the algorithms in the neuronetwork and printed them out. BAG could freeze one's age and provide specific As.
40. The immortal achieved their goals and remained happy and supportive. I used the Virtual Private Server to breason out four (for one teleport, one anti-ageing medicine, one meditation and one high-quality thought for happiness) * 16,000 = 64,000 BAG or sentence breasonings per person per day, where these breasonings needed to be unique each day. I outputted the results of Lucian CI/CD as a colour-coded HTML file. I checked that all the changes were expected. The meditators could live forever with the help of computers.
41. The immortal was a teacher, and so did their own. I examined myself on a subset of the 16,000 sentences. I generated four sets of fifty immortality (and topics of my other books) songs with Music Composer, stopping with the best song. I wrote the book and listened to the songs to determine their viability. One song came from one sentence.
42. The immortal explained how Lucian CI/CD had changed the algorithm. I randomly examined myself on BAG's output. I wrote on the lecture by connecting Essay Helper's output. I identified the ontologies and noted the best connection. Algorithms should be necessary, for example, an algorithm that explains algorithms found with Lucian CI/CD.
43. The immortal checked each part of the Lucian CI/CD algorithm was necessary. I found and reviewed the objects and algorithms found with BAG, for example, a science of objects rather than algorithms. The Lucian CI/CD \"find test\" algorithm allowed \"%a(1, A).\" followed by the line \"%A=1.\". The variable \"A\" could appear in other tests, and there could be multiple values in \"%a(1, A, B).\", for example \"%A=1, B=2.\". I used the computer to find BAG so I could experience immortality.
44. The immortal synthesised example uses three times. The object record was stored on the VPS to visualise the song. I wrote essays on the weekly lectures with Essay Helper with ten keywords. Or, I ran Essay Helper without keywords and connected the sentences. I checked the examples in the talks.
45. The immortal tested adding or deleting an intermediate predicate in the \"find dependencies\" predicate in Lucian CI/CD. I synchronised records on the VPS and my computer. I inserted predicates after predicates of their name and arity to sort them into old and new predicates and check them. Merging the predicates allowed finding the dependencies of predicates, and Lucian CI/CD also grouped the predicates into clauses. I synchronised with the backup of the repositories if needed.
46. The immortal tested the repositories and recorded their compatible versions. I found suitable texts to combine with Essay Helper and ran BAG for new texts. I included a predicate that detected and installed missing repository dependencies. Each needed repository was installed by List Prolog Package Manager, installed by the first repository. The installer was sensitive to conflicting versions and only installed compatible versions.
47. The immortal merged modules that were always used together or separated modules used separately. I processed BAG's output, finding any semblance of order with ontologies, logic and grammars. On a separate note, the version had a fourth number for the feature number. Users could install or uninstall it as a module; for example, optionally use \"findall\" in Prolog for speed. I checked BAG's output against an algorithm, which gave the dependencies of modules.
48. The immortal checked all relevant criteria. The argument was reported as true or not, where the idea referred to the legal correctness of algorithms in a programming language with the simplicity of Prolog that compiled to C, which the computer ran natively. I read about cut's behaviour and programmed it. I placed cut before and after a choice point and replicated the behaviour. The behaviour of the algorithm was checked against a standard.

49. The immortal wrote fuller paragraphs focusing on one topic connecting to the topic. I wrote the connection with reasons and a use in my aphor. I found two topic sentences or uses and joined them together. For example, I made a diary app on the computer. I planned how to write something new or points on a line or side of a contention.
50. The immortal edited an argument map and generated an essay. I wrote the graphical argument map generator. I counted the reasons closest to the bottom. I arrayed the flowchart with multiple items per branch and space between reasons. In addition, reasons took up enough space.
51. The immortal counted the number of algorithmic keywords implicated. I wrote at least ten details per sentence. These helped fill in the information in a sentence. I wrote on Engineering (an algorithm), English (a moral for the algorithm) and mathematics (I counted the possible edges of the idea by idea group). I examined the research possibilities for a view and estimated the complexity of an algorithm from its specification.
52. The immortal drafted or wrote the details after generating their algorithms. I used Grammar Logic (GL) to write ten points or make connections to the previous ten details. I examined algorithms, arguments, objects, art, proofs and other area of study objects. I connected the algorithm to a random GL word. I joined to each of the ten previous details, not afraid of big ideas or those with significant ramifications.
53. The immortal stated that the word was “gleich” (same), meaning the same as having the standard of usefulness or was a use (general). I wrote five As of details for assignments. I wrote the project. I wrote the point for a play. I wrote the moment for a literary philosophy, one with unusual language. I used a word that another didn’t have the exact meaning of.
54. The immortal wrote the history of generality. I wrote one word for one predicate, two words for two predicates, and three predicates to join the predicates. I wrote “use”, which meant the word was general. I wrote that “time” recorded the history. I wrote that “use with time” recorded the author’s change in language over time.
55. The immortal noted the popular word or cultural item. I thought of ten details and algorithms per day for a quote. I found the quotation that stood out most for its type of language, philosophical implications and algorithmic possibilities. The passage had a natural body of algorithms. This passage could be increased, and the valuable algorithms were counted.
56. The immortal stated that the algorithm saved lives. I wrote ten details in each philosophical sentence. I wrote algorithms for each element. I connected these algorithms’ ontologies. I explained the relation between the algorithms.
57. The immortal defined categories by the object. I grouped the ten words into three object categories. I grouped them by explanation. Or I grouped them by connectedness. Or I grouped them by multisubjectivism.
58. The immortal left the text as a series of archetypes. I wrote ten sentence parts with the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG). I crossed the sentence three times for eight details. Then, I attached this sentence to a two-part sentence. Each part and connection needed to be worked on manually. Each token had a “key”, or attractive version.
59. The immortal wrote faster, not encrypted code. I wrote on the politics of writing by replacing words in BAG’s output. I saw the significance of the sentence to a topic. I represented it as an object. Or I expressed it as an encrypted code.
60. The immortal’s religion was 4*50 As; instead of writing ten As or 15 politics As, I simplified my method and wrote more. It was like old times. The manager wrote 50 As. The head wrote 200 As.
61. The immortal wrote an algorithm that helped expand on the latest, more exciting ideas. I wrote 15 As per week. I wrote ten parts per sentence in my current work. BAG did the rest of the arguments and algorithms. This variant of BAG wrote sentences relevant to a topic.
62. The immortal reduced the death rate. The new God algorithm used the freezing age high-quality thought to counter death with an A when needed. This algorithm was repeated each day after it was used. The person not only experienced survival, but others experienced them surviving. In effect, they were immortal.
63. A variant of the God algorithm found the noun using mind reading. The professor algorithm replaced two down-cased words with detailed mind-read comments. Or it generated a three-predicate algorithm from a sentence. Or, it found the verb using mind-reading.
64. The 15 A writer considered whether they would run out of reasons. I used a neuronetwork to write 15 As and algorithms. In the future, the neuronetwork set up its own business, walked around and had the rights of a person. The robot revolution meant cheaper labour and better performance and that humans could focus on their desires. It was possible to cover any topic in time.
65. The immortal added changes to its database. In Lucian CI/CD, I built repositories with all predicates present (not just those tested) to avoid problems with order. I took parts from old and new versions of the repositories rather than just the old repository. I also avoided using only new predicates, which amounted to testing. I also chose from older or discarded versions for better options.
66. The immortal observed the predicates tested in the animation. I used subterms with addresses to get and put predicates. Instead, I numbered and referenced predicates. I collected clauses by predicate. I found the dependencies and printed the graph.
67. The immortal treated clauses from the same predicate the same. I removed what was in the loops from the rest. I removed what was in the loops from before the loop. Instead, I only put items not in loops in non-loop sections. I corrected it as soon as it appeared.
68. The immortal found the simplest correct combination of old and new predicates. I labelled the predicates found using find dependencies to use find groups. The clauses were labelled by their predicate. I found whether the predicates were old or new. Or I found out whether the predicates were old or new.
69. The immortal was me. I  found subterms added or deleted. I deleted duplicates. I substituted the changes back. I analysed the data.
70. The immortal tested separate groups of predicates separately bottom-up to find bugs in individual groups of predicates. I eliminated the Lucian CI/CD bug in which loops contained no items. If a loop had no items, I deleted it. Or, if a loop contained one item or one predicate, then the loop was removed. Loops or groups were tested in the same combinations, so groups of one item could be simplified to non-groups.
71. The immortal tested each algorithm. I tested test 15 with Lucian CI/CD. If there were a test disproving a predicate, then that predicate would fail. If a predicate needed to be deleted, it could be hard-deleted by deleting it and resetting the scanner after giving it a test that worked. If a necessary predicate is inserted, a test could be added.
72. The immortal noticed that Lucian CI/CD deleted unnecessary code, even if it was called in the main file. I wrote an algorithm in Lucian CI/CD that found dependencies of predicates. It found dependencies depth-first post-order. Therefore, it traversed all branches and then appended the node. For example, “a:-b,c,d.” has the order of traversal “b,c,d, a”.
73. The immortal relied on Lucian CI/CD to simplify algorithms. Lucian CI/CD didn’t try further groups if it failed. As an aside, only new comments were kept and were copied to the old version. If a predicate was deleted and wasn’t needed, the algorithm deleted it for simplicity. Lucian CI/CD didn’t fail in this case. The user needed to remember to delete comments with a predicate so that they were deleted, too, even though these tests wouldn’t be used.
74. The immortal tested combinations of changes to predicates in the current group of predicates. Lucian CI/CD grouped items by looping and shells. If items were directly linked in a loop, they were grouped to be tested. In addition, if items were clauses of the same predicate or inseparable to test, they were tried together. Tests could be written for each predicate, but groups of predicates were tested together, meaning none should fail.
75. The immortal used the dependencies to test. In Lucian CI/CD, lower instances of predicates were preferred to the upper instances. As the algorithm was traversed depth-first, post-order, the first (lower) predicates were kept, and later ones were omitted. This process was achieved by keeping a list of predicate numbers in loops and in an index. If a predicate number was earlier in the list, it was omitted.
76. The immortal first found the tests and dependencies of repositories touched by a change. I found the dependencies before finding the combinations of transformations. I found the dependencies in the predicates of the algorithm. I found the groups of predicates to test bottom-up. I found the combinations of changes in these groups and kept the most straightforward combination that tested positive.
77. The immortal showed how to modify Lucian CI/CD for other languages, to personalise their testing. I didn’t do as many tests as possible rather than stopping after failing one. I tried combinations of changes with different code or predicates to test. These predicates or lines in them could have been inserted, deleted or changed. Lucian CI/CD seemed to anticipate my thoughts and made changes before time was wasted.
78. Lucian CI/CD used a post-order depth-first search to attend to branches and predicates that needed debugging more directly. Lucian CI/CD’s find dependencies algorithm used post-order depth-first search. An example of pre-order in “1:-2,3.” is “1,2,3”. An example of in-order is “2,1,3”. Post-order, giving “2,3,1” is needed because it provides predicates before the calling predicates.
79. The immortal selected a repository to test. When groups of predicates have items below them, Lucian CI/CD tries them first. These items are not included in the group. These items were tested first, warning the user to change them if they had bugs. Also, the user could focus on individual branches to try.
80. The immortal successfully tested the algorithm with loops. Lucian CI/CD was tested with a nested loop. It deleted the inner loop because it was part of the outer loop. A loop that was inside but not directly on line to the outer loop was not deleted and was not in the outer loop. The outer loop was stored at the top or end of the bottom-up list, so any predicates it called were first.
"]