["Green, L 2022, <i>Immortality 14</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Immortality 14

1. I encapsulated clauses and findall and made it space-agency compatible and efficient. I made an SLG tabling database of previous results in List Prolog Interpreter (LPI). Third, I set the number of times a computation would run before the interpreter tabled it. Fourth, I replaced reused items in the table with garbage-collecting symbols. Finally, I only tabled items over a particular length.
2. I tossed between Prolog on the server or client side and chose the server side to access files, while the client side could run using the client's processors (like programs in an operating system, and these apps are easier to install and run). I made an SLG tabling database of previous results in State Saving Interpreter (SSI). This system was similar to that of LPI. I immediately kept SSI Web Service apps instead of cut-by-the-page ones because SSI-WS was fast enough. Users required SSI-WS to run their algorithms on a server.
3. I solved the debug display problem in string concat and member by running List Prolog predicates. Before this, I bug-checked string concat and member in SSI. I did this by checking that the string concat and member debug display were correct. Then, I checked the number of arguments in debug was valid. Finally, I checked the values were correct.
4. I added new commands to SSI. I called the Prolog predicates for deterministic commands with their names and modes. I also modified the virtual command code for non-deterministic commands with their names and modes. (Virtual commands found all the non-deterministic solutions at first and backtracked to them later.). Eventually, I replaced this code with List Prolog predicates. For example, I wrote the List Prolog predicate for string concat in terms of \"string chars\" and append.
5. I helped users realise the member command's correct function in the predicate state machine. I swapped X and Y back to normal in member(X, Y) in LPI. This order helped avoid confusion. I also converted equals4 in List Prolog to = in Prolog. I used Prolog to write the predicate state machine in SSI because it was easier to follow.
6. I considered writing an original version of the member command with input followed by its output for uniformity when generating algorithms with CAW. I swapped X and Y back to normal in member(X, Y) in SSI. In the first version, I changed the arguments of the member command back before manually processing it, given various modes. I ran the member command in the second version using a List Prolog predicate. I found out and worked out, not copied work.
7. I added non-deterministic choice points (for append, repeat, etc.) to SSI. For example, repeat added infinite choice points. The interpreter continued to backtrack to choice points until there were none left. The interpreter returned to choice points if they were left at the end. The interpreter returned true if it had found a solution and false if it had failed.
8. \"Find n solutions\", when cut, finds the first n solutions after backtracking. It used the findall code, finishing after n solutions.  \"For all\" similarly used the findall code, failing \"for all\" if there were any failures of the clause. I deleted unused files and merged reused code in the interpreter. I was aware that using fewer predicates was faster.
9. I added member and string concat to LPI and SSI and translated them into other languages. After adding them, I automatically translated them into \"en2\", for example, \"concatenate strings\", which I could translate into other languages. I wrote an algorithm that found the \"en2\" version, considering the complete words and their order. Next, I tested the original phrases to translate by back-translating them and choosing better synonyms that back-translated correctly to the original. I then examined the open-source translation algorithm.
10. I found the first item A in higher-order programming in List Prolog, like anti-ageing in immortality. I fixed the bug so that equals4(A, B) displayed the correct exiting debug information equals4(A, A). I also fixed the bug in reverse1(A,[],[3,2,1]) so that the algorithm used the same variable names. I bug-checked the length(A,3) so that the interpreter used List Prolog variable names. I also checked that List Prolog could find input values when building a term as a command and find the results from running a term as a command.
11. I not only breasoned out arguments, I examined them. I recorded whether a predicate had any choice points left on its exit and updated this count when I deleted a choice point. Like taking action on n choice points, I took action on n breasonings. I had breasonings, so I had control (I could remain alive). I had all degrees, so I had God-consciousness and total control (I could use 5*50 As to live as an immortal).

12.  I stated that recording the choice point count for each predicate sped up deleting unnecessary choice point data on exiting a predicate.  I deleted the predicate data when no choice points were left.  This count included all the counts for predicates within the predicate.  I updated the counts for all parent predicates when I deleted a choice point.  I warned on numbers of infinite choice points from repeat.
13.  I reused resources by collecting garbage in Prolog, like reusing Essay Helper formats for business reports.  I carried out garbage collection using global variables.  Garbage collection stored repeated data in variables.  By keeping this data, I saved time and memory by allowing data to be processed more quickly.  For example, shortening the trail could be avoided by repeating a long list to find a member of in the choice points trail.
14.  The garbage collection stored reused variable values.  These reused values needed to be longer than a certain length, i.e. four characters.  There was no upper limit for values unless there was a storage limit.  In this case, the interpreter might split values into lists.  As variables were garbage collected, the interpreter tabled predicate results to avoid unnecessary computation.
15.  I stored combinations of garbage collection values with a single garbage collection value, saving space.  If a variable value contained another reused value, the interpreter adjusted this in the garbage collection table.  It was not a garbage collection table but a knowledge management table.  I didn't flatten each value (I used values within values).  I stored atom values if they were long enough.
16.  I could split strings or atoms.  I split strings in garbage collection values.  For example,  I had A=\"bc<D>\", D=\"e\".  Also, I could put string values in terms of other string values, etc.  For example, I could have F=\"<G><H>\", G=\"j\", H=\"k\".
17.  In the Philosophy repository, I detected a bug in the lpi and lucianpl terminals.  On pressing return without a query, the terminals unwantedly turned on trace mode.  I found the cause of this bug and kept whether the trace mode was on the same as before.  I caught errors in the converter from Prolog to List Prolog in the terminal.  I also caught errors in the interpreter.
18.  I set questions about optimising algorithms.  Before this, I wrote about the assessment of algorithms in the academy.  I wrote the algorithm.  I wrote its input and output set.  Finally, I set a question about the set of predicates (including any previously written predicates) with a description of the data and what the predicates needed to do.
19.  I examined the history of algorithms.  I assessed 5-15 predicates per subject.  Sometimes a group of predicates had five predicates.  The students only wrote what they understood.  They liked to think about what was interesting about each algorithm, using the minimum amount of code.
20.  I stepped through the non-assessable algorithm in the video.  I wrote tutorials, lists of frequently asked questions and sample answers as part of the course.  It was like a MOOC.  Fireworks-like thoughts lighted up the submission box.  The tutorial covered the sample answers (which covered examples like the assignment or gave deliberately buggy code), and the list of frequently asked questions covered the project.
21.  I converted equals4(A, B) to C without relying on underscore variables.  Separately, I assessed different versions of algorithms.  I looked up a version of an algorithm with a particular feature on the repository.  I assessed it.  There were also questions about bug checks.
22.  I assessed code in List Prolog, not Prolog, to encourage students to test their interpreters.  They could write an algorithm to convert the state machines of List Prolog to and from that as C-code.  A converter could bypass List Prolog and convert the state machine into C, which might be unnecessary.  The C-code needed function calls to compensate for Prolog features for C.  The interpreter tried the following clause if a clause (where an algorithm joined clauses in a single function) failed.
23.  I didn't assess whole algorithms but predicates or groups of predicates of algorithms.  I did this by taking a set of related predicates from more extended algorithms, allowing manageable-sized assignments.  I read the comments on the algorithms.  I also set the algorithm parts from the bottom up to finish the whole algorithm.  Students copied predicates they had previously written into algorithms that required them.
24.  Sometimes, a philosophy has more than one algorithm.  I determined that philosophies needed algorithms for assessment.  I recorded the philosophies' algorithms using a text database (the algorithms followed the philosophies).  Sometimes the whole philosophy paragraph or a line was represented by the algorithm.  I set this algorithm as an assessment, referring to the philosophy.
25.  For 100%, they needed the same as 250 arguments and algorithms.  Students needed 80 philosophy arguments and 80 algorithms for a high distinction.  I encouraged them to choose an appropriate starting point and write a series of algorithms on a topic.  Groups of arguments were also on the same topic.  I helped them count the number of clauses (the same as an algorithm).
26.  I mind-read the amount of work completed.  Before this, I pursued accreditation through various companies.  These companies helped finish and correct breasonings and finish arguments.  This assistance helped with clear and complete thinking.  It also provided the best foundation for future work.
27.  I assessed algorithms on the academy website and gave quizzes (about algorithm output) on the external website.  I also asked for type and mode statements in the first year on the academy website.  These helped new students gather their thoughts and prepare to write the algorithm.  On the external website, I provided a model solution using the algorithm, then asked them to use it to find output for a particular input.  There were also questions about modifications to algorithms, debugging and API changes.

28.  In the algorithm that converts SSI to C using a state machine, the last output values are only set to output variables if the predicate exits true; otherwise, these variables will remain undefined.  Each predicate returns -2 for exiting true; otherwise, they return -3 for failing.  If the predicate exits true, the variables are assigned; otherwise, they are left undefined.  If there are inputs with values, they would be compared with the output values as soon as possible, and there would be nothing to output.  If-then statements may need inputs set to variables and outputs assigned to variables to compare (separate from the previous idea of setting values before returning), requiring mode statements (which an algorithm can compute) for the antecedent.  A program must work out mode statements of predicates in calls that change from run to run from the code around the calls, with warnings.  Predicate calls without inputs or outputs don't need some of these variable assignments.
29.  The program can find mode statements from the algorithm.  For example, given the algorithm D=\"ef\", string_concat(B, C, D), an algorithm can work out that string concat's modes are output, output and input.  There would be a warning in the case of multiple possible mode statements.  Using the mode statement, the interpreter can give the inputs in a predicate call and any outputs compared afterwards.  Without the mode statement, instantiated values may fill variables that need to be uninstantiated.
30.  Also, the program can work out the type statement from the algorithm.  For example, the algorithm a(B, C):-B=d, number(C) would have the type statement a(atom, number).  Also, given the following algorithm,

%a1([e,[1,2,3]],B).
%B = [e, [2, 3, 4]].
a1([e,F],[e,G]) :- a2(F,[],G).
a2([], C, C) :- !.
a2([B1|B2],C,D) :- 
 B3 is B1+1,
 append(C,[B3],C2),
 a2(B2,C2,D).

The type statement would be B=[atom,{number}], where {} encloses a list of 0 or more items.  The algorithm would recognise types and lists in the algorithm, using \"a1,...,an\" notation (up to a particular value of n).
31.  Only the mode statement is needed when converting if-then statements from Prolog to C, not the type statement.  In the case of no arguments except the result as the antecedent, i.e. a(R), no assignments of values to inputs using equals were needed.  Also, no comparisons of output values using equals4 were required.  The interpreter compared only the result with a successful exit value.  In this comparison, a successful exit value resulted in continuing or starting to exit the clause.  Or, a failure result resulted in the clause returning a failure result, output variables being undefined and using update vars to update variables to the first arguments in the clause.  Variables in each clause joined into a function (for following the nested if-then structure) needed to be different, apart from where the interpreter assigned them at the successful end of a clause.
32.  A mode statement is not needed before an if-then antecedent for converting from Prolog to C, where the interpreter can work mode statements out with an algorithm instead.  The programmer doesn't need to provide mode statements in this position.  Mode statements, worked out by the interpreter, are required at this position to determine which arguments of the antecedent are inputs and outputs.  Inputs are already defined, inputted directly into the antecedent, or undefined.  The interpreter does not compare outputs with a value, they are compared with a value or are undefined.  If [] is appended to '_', [], [_], [_, _], etc., are returned.  So, the programmer should build lists from the empty list, not an undefined variable.
33.  A converter converts SSI equals4 arguments to trees using \"string to list\" on the compilation of SSI.  The interpreter stores duplicates in one place.  These include empty lists, lists containing variables and those containing \"|\" (to separate list heads and tails).  The interpreter stores these trees in two arrays, one for numbers (for numbers and lists) and one for characters (for atoms and strings), whose lengths the interpreter measures for storage in memory.  These array trees are first created and tested as lists in Prolog, then converted to C arrays.
34.  Storing the algorithm as a list rather than a string allows the algorithm to be processed faster.  The interpreter converts the algorithm into a tree on the compilation of the algorithm using \"string to list\".  \"String to list\" has a C version, created using a converter, which recursively runs and converts the List Prolog algorithm as a string to a list, as a tree array.  This tree array can more quickly process the SSI algorithm in C.  \"String to list\" is faster than in Prolog because it avoids memory problems.  
35.  The paradox of \"string to list\" needing to be converted by \"string to list\" to run it as an array tree is not necessary to solve because \"string to list\" is converted directly to C using converters, and is not run as a List Prolog predicate.  However, this paradox is necessary to solve where the interpreter needs to convert \"string to list's\" equals4 arguments to a tree array by running it with the Prolog version.  Then the interpreter converts the Prolog array tree to C.  \"String to list\" only needs to run in C as part of \"SSI in C\" (for speed); it doesn't need to be run in C to produce the array trees, which are necessary for SSI in C.  Also, when inserting symbols for garbage collection in SSI in C, the symbols inserted needed to be specific to SSI in C in case the interpreter ran SSI as an algorithm separately.  This rule also applies to these programs' predicate and variable names.
36.  The interpreter ran \"update vars\" when the clause exited, which appeared multiple times if there were multiple exits.  \"Update vars\" is necessary because predicates operate on values and variables.  These variables are in the form of input and output variable bindings tables (as array trees).  \"Update vars\" operates on these bindings tables to update variables before returning.  Predicates take array trees as input, which are operated on by equals4 in predicates, for example, in append or \"+\".  The multiple function format in C is necessary for reusing functions and for recursion.
37.  If-then finds outputs from inputs, the interpreter tests whether the outputs are correct and the antecedent is true.  If-then works out which are which in inputs and outputs from mode statements, found using a mode-finder, where these mode statements are possibly chosen from a list manually, but not each mode statement tried.  The post-antecedent comparison statements should be in the parent predicate rather than the child predicate.  While values could be passed down and checked in the child predicate, the parent predicate could more easily differentiate between inputs and outputs and compare outputs with the given values.  I first solved the difficulty of distinguishing the inputs and outputs by avoiding post-antecedent comparisons because arguments will either be inputs or contain an undefined variable.  So, it isn't necessary to make comparisons in the parent predicate, only in update vars in the child predicate.  However, comparisons should be made in the parent predicate instead, with the mode statements to properly test the if-then clause, where arguments may be defined but are treated as outputs by the child predicate, so the interpreter must compare them in the parent predicate.

38. I didn't set output variables in if-then antecedents (A in A->B; C or if A then B, else C) to one of a third set of single variables to be compared at the end of the antecedent. Contrary to previous paragraphs, the algorithm finds all if-then arguments using \"string to list\".  There are no post-antecedent comparisons.  The algorithm makes the checks as part of predicates and \"update vars\" in the child predicate. I argued for predicate heads to have arguments such as [A1|A2] to save time when processing with \"check arguments\" and \"update vars\".
39. Using a single format for header variables in SSI-C and List Prolog predicates allows cross-compatibility.  \"Update vars\" is necessary, and predicate head arguments shouldn't be A, B, etc., instead of [A1|A2] etc. [A1|A2] etc., shorten the code length. In effect, they optimise the code. They allow breaking the predicates down by function and returning the result through header variables.
40. The interpreter can pass lists as tree arrays as C arguments. This method requires single (not lists of) variables as arguments. The technique negates the need for \"check arguments\" and \"update vars\". Without these, variables can be retrieved and manipulated without the bindings table and necessitating breaking equals4, etc., into functions that unify single variables with lists, etc. Post-antecedent checking assumes variables are C arguments, not in binding tables. However, we cannot use lists in C. So, post-antecedent checking is not necessary. Again, checking is done in child predicates and with \"update vars\" in the child predicate. The former method of defining variables as C arguments in SSI-C is preferable to using a bindings table because it is faster.
41. One might need in-code type statements if one is choosing from multiple modes. These statements are required for List Prolog predicates and type checking in general. However, type and mode statements aren't needed when defining variables as C arguments. Separately, if an if-then statement checks a single number or string value, then it is optimised to check it in C, not use another function directly. Also, if the interpreter compares a variable value with a list, it requires equals4.
42. I inserted comments to label Prolog and List Prolog line numbers in C. These comments labelled the correspondence between Prolog lines and if-then antecedents in C. The file names had the same name as the file name. I could trace bugs to Prolog, C or the algorithm the interpreter ran. I could also more quickly optimise complex code.
43. I created business education assignment formats for Essay Helper with connections between sections. First, I discussed the business's strategies (inside or outside the organisation and connections). Second, I discussed the business's goals (duties, development and connections). Third, I gave evidence about business law case studies (connections between theoretical and practical cases). Finally, I could rapidly draft business reports with the appropriate structure.

Grammarly premium:

44. When I had an algorithm, I could write a preliminary draft for an assignment.  I scanned my computational philosophy repositories for philosophies' algorithms and their data, or I recreated their data to write courses.  They completed one assignment.  When they had completed this, they were given the model solution and went on to the next assignment.  They were online, so they could do these in their own time.
45. I could help the students by explaining the algorithm to do the exercises.  I prevented software bots from using the system.  I asked a question that a human could answer.  When the person entered the answer, they could use the website.  While computers could be programmed to do the exercises, it was aimed at humans.
46. I collected the possible errors and displayed them when necessary.  I used type statements to discriminate List Prolog types and displayed errors if types were not correct.  I didn't use type statements, but manual type checkers that checked inputs had the right types.  If a type wasn't correct, the interpreter produced an error.  It then exited from each parent predicate until another statement caught the error.
47. I generated type statements with references to reused ones.  I required type statements to help students understand how to write code.  The students checked the data.  They wrote type statements for it.  This included recursion, lists and reused type statements.
48. Invisible submit tests ensured code was rigorous.  I wrote visible verify and invisible submit cases for Prolog programs.  Students tested their code against verify cases.  Then, they tested their programs against submit cases, which determined their mark.  These test cases covered the same material.
49. When the programs had passed 100% of the tests, the code could do certain good things.  The Prolog project had a 100% pass mark.  Students read each part of the specification.  They submitted drafts for testing.  When they had passed 100% of the tests, they submitted their projects.
50. I countered blocks to study, etc., with As.  I used computational mind-reading to help students.  Without mind-reading, the system could help with weaknesses, help people to do what it did and detect some problems outside study.  With mind-reading, student sentiment, work habits and auspicious times could be detected.  Mind-reading could detect student As that contributed to their mark.
51. I tested for absence of skills and subjects to teach.  I used mind-reading to read options (skills) students needed.  I gave them a spiritual test to test their knowledge.  If they can successfully perform all tasks, they don't receive additional help from the computer (screen).  I organised skills needed for course parts in dependencies, and tested for them top down, with random checks of sub-skills or skills I didn't know about.
52. I wrote a converter between list processing in the Prolog predicate head and in the body. If a student chooses other (an undefined skill), I helped with it.  The new students appeared to choose new sub-skills to test.  This was a required question.  These were list processing in the Prolog predicate head.
53. I tested for and helped the students with knowledge in skills.  An Education (as against Computer Science) A was breasoned out to help with skills.  I found the dependencies of the program.  I found the tags describing the skills for each predicate.  These were in the format \"abc123\", or the major command name, followed by the number of minor changes or subclauses.
54. I identified main and overarching projects and research directions to aim for.  I helped students with assignments and industry projects through skills.  I found whether students had passed the skills necessary to do a piece of work.  I found and helped with missing skills.  I identified new projects that contained chains of needed skills.
55. It was easier to write science.  I wrote an algorithm that checked Lucian Academy books were in the correct format, without double quotes.  I found instances of double quotes.  I inserted backslash before them.  I printed a report of the books by year.
56. The philosophy was the frontier for the education institution.  I wrote an algorithm that uploaded changes to books.  I wrote an addition to the book.  I checked and uploaded it.  There was an index of chapters with modification dates and times to add to.
57. The sale gave the buyer what they wanted.  I breasoned out 5*50 As in business for converting a non-lead to another lead.  A non-lead is a lead, just not another lead.  They are desired, can facilitate success and are not necessarily urged on.  They had to play a part in their sale, i.e. want it.
58. I gave As to the longevity herbs as well.  I breasoned out 5*50, not 4*50 As in Daoist qigong to relax my muscles.  I relaxed my neck.  I relaxed my upper back.  I relaxed my limbs.
59. I thought that \"It is me\".  Bots said that \"It is me\".  Sales participants said that \"It is me\".  Business people said that \"It is me\". Each 80 philosophy breasoning argument was given 5*50 As.

60. One should use the bindings table, not C arguments as variables for simplicity because of the complex expansion needed for equals4 otherwise.  Splitting equals4 would, for example split A=[C|D] into assignments and comparisons head(A,C) and tail(A,D).  This assumes C and D are instantiated, otherwise bindings tables may be preferable. Also, splitting [A,B,C]=[d,e,f] into assignments and comparisons A=d, etc.  If there are any sublists, they need to be processed separately.
61. However, using C arguments as variables is faster, and allows removing some variables to optimise the code.  Comparisons operate on all variables instantiated.  Assignments operate on one variable instantiated.  Using C arguments as variables is faster because it places assignments and comparisons directly in the function, rather than processes them.  Undefined variables and singletons can be omitted, to optimise the program.
62. I covered the basis for research and saw possibility in resynthesis.  I gave chapters 5*50 As (two ways of paraphrasing them).  I noticed that perspectives and n-crossed philosophies led to infinite ideas.  I could mind map any number of details.  Experience could be applied to the philosophies, and vice versa.
63. I kept breasonings and immortality terms as science.  I wrote about the thing-in-itself.  I retained algorithms, and gave them more details.  I retained spiritual terms, and encouraged critical analysis.  I noticed people performing their own miracles.
64. I wrote about question-answering.  I wrote about criticality.  I wrote about bugs and rebuttals.  I broached the research side of immortality.  I encountered the question of writing-as-medicine.
65. I found immortality as medicine.  I transformed musical stories and experiences to philosophy.  I generated stories about algorithms, which extrapolate the history and philosophy of them.  I explained the need, use and change in method due to gaining experience of the algorithms.  I explored the ethics and major characteristics of the algorithms.
66. I summarised the topology, data and method of algorithms and found more science.  I rewrote pedagogy to have new arguments, in addition to the pedagogical ways of thinking.  I stayed close to noumena, which were clearer.  There was more to philosophy in the future.  It intertwined with science.
67. I wrote one instance of the words \"humanist pedagogy\", and \"meditation\".  I captured noumenal theories.  They were based on the times.  I noted big ideas such as pedagogy and practicums such as industry, sales and bots.  To cope with these, students were encouraged to read, program and write enough each week.
68. I wrote a debate verifier, where speakers always stayed on one side.  I wrote primary then secondary texts.  I wrote a converter to English literature.  One speaker asked questions and made polemical comments.  The other speaker was a positivist, the philosopher.  I set the philosophy in a literary setting, and gave characters backgrounds matching their comments.
69. I sympathised with the Ancient Greeks and pre-computer period breasoners who needed many breasonings.  I negated that saying \"too\" after breasonings and instead of meditation utterances worked.  Even with a puja, it seemed risky.  Politicians and professors needed them and were given breasonings by administrators.  Copies of breasonings and utterances could be diverted to close-by people.
70. I wrote 5*50 As for infinite knowledge.  This framework established a research base for writing.  I wrote methodically on my topics.  I added details.  I delegated work to have 5*50 As, and noticed I was given the prize of life on Earth.
71. I maintained a positive mind-set at all points.  In meditation, there are 5*50 As for calling the last bug positive then solved.  I identified the positive shapes and colours of the bug.  For example, I wrote a story about explaining a feature by correcting repetitive tasks.  Then I solved the bug.
72. I prepared for students with at least 250 algorithms.  I changed the conversation around when another person talked with me.  I furthered the end-point of the conversation.  I thought of three-levels with one item per level of algorithms.  I aimed to write ten sentences with ten algorithms each, with three detail algorithms each (which could be new data for existing algorithms).
73. The students bypassed transcribing their teachers and wrote their own breasonings, using their systems and going over the limit.  I made up breasonings for others. I kept a copy.  I made up algorithms for others and kept a copy.  I simplified tutorials to connecting sentences in the light of a certain topic. 
74. I wrote 5*50 As for going through the information.  I wrote a framework for traversing information, for example sides of contentions and algorithms for different numbers of points in a criterion when making comparisons when writing algorithms.  I simplified algorithms to skill sets, then found alternative methods top-down and their skill sets.  I drafted possible alternatives along a line with different skill-sets.  I hypothesised and solved my and others' unanswered questions.
75. Other dimensions are other ideas (the ones in this dimension are philosophical).  I wrote 5*50 As for A (agreeing), B to B (finding blocks) and B (objecting to blocks) to the self.  I agreed with writing my thoughts and randomly reordering and giving meanings to them.  I agreed with the latter as a way of generating thoughts, which cover an idea enough.  I wrote an algorithm which detected thoughts and wrote enough details.

76. I found links from people to the other as well as the self.  Meditation connected these three groups.  I, represented by the input, linked to the people, represented by the algorithm, to the other, represented by the output.  Once I knew the algorithm, I transcended it and summarised it to data.  The algorithm was replaced by input and output.
77. I aimed for positivity at the end, through an essay.  I wrote rules to write the algorithm that I replaced with input and output, which made it elegant and functional (for example, essay helper formats in text files).  Finding the algorithm that replaced by input and output was done with another algorithm.  Another algorithm could check for uniform input and output.  I wrote research on automating student work, where students did the most intelligent part.
78. I was allowed to sell arem when I had an A for Jyotish and it.  I completed 5*50 As for the arem utterance.  This stood me in good stead if and when the meditation company went away.  I could teach others meditation.  I could start my own meditation company.
79. I converted SSI to C.  I began by writing List Prolog predicates for ISO Prolog commands.  Then I added common commands.  I concluded by adding custom commands.  For example, I added types and inductive commands.
80. I wrote string concat in terms of append.  I wrote append.  I converted strings to lists of characters.  Then I entered this list into append.  The advantage of this was writing string concat as a simple predicate.

"]

