Theatre Studies 6

1. Music composer - think of new algorithms, moods and methodologies to inspire new songs. Mathematical induction - when x, y lead to new dominant axis, replace x*y or w*x*y with z. Don't repeat computations, and optimise. Starlog. A by itself - after defining a variable, can use it as an argument.
2. If needed, an original term can use its variable from earlier, not the later copied term variable. Can write code more quickly, intuitively and without mentioning lots of variables. More likely to want to simplify reverse(reverse()) to no change. Including more complex cases like this. Copy term.
3. Haskell reasons a:a:a. When would I use Starlog—to represent algorithms as pseudocode, specification sentences, or creative code that makes logic easier? For example, a predicate definition is an expression that defines a logical relation; a call such as A(A1) = round(A1) assigns the rounded value of A1 to A(A1); copy_term(a(A1),a(C)) creates a copy of the term a(A1) as a(C); B is a(A1) and D is a(C) assign the values a(A1) and a(C) to B and D, respectively. Alternatively, freeze(a(A1) = round(A1)) captures the value of a(A1) as round(A1) until it is needed, serving as an alternative to using copy_term.
4. Freeze (in Prolog, this delays evaluation until a variable is instantiated), as in freeze(e(B1) = round(B1)). F1 is e(1.1) becomes e(B1,F1):-round(B1,F1) in Prolog. For the sake of argument, F must be uppercase F (as conventionally, variables in Prolog start with uppercase letters), because it contains the predicate, but E must be lowercase e to call the predicate and be able to call it with different values. We require higher-order programming (programs that manipulate other programs); therefore, freeze(F = (e(B1) = round(B1))), F = (F3 is F4), F5 = (F3 is ceiling(B1)), F6 is e(1.
5. 1) becomes e(B1,F1):-ceiling(B1,F1). E(1. 1,F6) in Prolog. F = (e(B1) = ceiling(B1)) makes e(B1) = ceiling(B1) into a predicate body because of the e(. Form.
6. E(B1)=H(_) uses =. In Prolog. E(1,2)=. A. A = [e, 1, 2].
7. Compress writeln, etc. Compress parts that were compressed in Starlog when reconverting. How to load StarLog in Prolog. Pack, new commands. All commands.
8. Can DevOps in Starlog be achieved by preserving the compression of calls, containing compression in writeln, save or a logic control structure command? Fast nested predicate call thoughts. Intuitive shortcuts for command combinations. Mindmap general cases. Write an example algorithm.
9. Algorithms are better written in Starlog. Foldl r as ::: :: or \-- \-. Write algs (nested calls) that find the specific part that is interesting with a subterm with address or reverse. The thoughts are developed where we are. Put into argument form, then commands back into top level, to optimise the same instances of assignments, parts of assignments and other logic.
10. Put into argument form with higher-order commands as arguments and reused code with different or recurring arguments to identify and reuse. Use mnn optimisation signposts to narrow generated cfgs in Starlog. I wrote a repository in Prolog that writes a Prolog to C converter. It converts the code into C code, converting findall, setof, etc. And choice points like member to loops (in the case of choice points, include code to the end of the section and repeat until the choice points are exhausted, combining combinations of choice-point results from conjoined sections using a separate predicate until it completely simulates nondeterminism).
11. It simulates Prolog’s logic by using nested if-then statements for non-assignment to an empty variable, but for conditionals that may return true or false. If a predicate returns true, it returns to the parent predicate or keeps calling other predicates, but if it returns false, it fails the clause and tries the next clause, which is connected with an if-then in the same C function. If no clauses remain, it fails the parent clause, and so on. On failure at the end of a final predicate, the algorithm tries the last loop (choice point) and fails if it can’t find any choice points. The converter supports files, assertz, I/O, freeze, and many commands.
12. I implemented string concat, basic list processing, append, member, findall, ISO Prolog, and 100% standard-meeting test cases to ensure the C code has the same results as the original Prologue. I enabled cut by returning to a loop and/or executing a choice point if it is not cut (using globals). Instead of if-thens for logic (if this is true or false, then do that accordingly), do data verification on new files, input, data, APIs, random data, and ongoing checking of transformed variables when necessary. E. Only do truth checking on a condition and check non-already-format-checked values.
13. In addition, assertz and higher-order programming can be accomplished in pl2c by recompiling with the additional predicates. I thought of the object (for example, a spiritual idea, using the computer, or a robot) as virtuous. The spiritual idea, such as a soul, is virtuous because it can be used for good. Simplifications increase the quality of the writing when they make it easier to understand or use, and they do not infringe on legal rights. Sorting helps find the most important task, priority or item.
14. Philosophy questions and their creative answers show a full examination of life. Sourcing ideas correctly helps show that we have earned the knowledge. Negotiation requires agreement, compliance, and trust. Mathematics is useful for studies, work and everyday life to calculate exactly what the case is and take action. Sponsors help take one up, so they should be thanked in return for something good.
15. Taking physical positions is necessary for determining proper office layout, reading and writing books, finding a planet's chatbot's settings and helping others to take positions in life. Musical instruments create sounds of awe, interest and wonder. Physical units help define scales, ensure correctness, and provide answers to complex calculations. Doctors help find answers in time, solve problems, and prepare for the future. Food is necessary, delicious, and should be sourced from a good place.
16. The future contains things we want to do, the way to them and how to do them. Being of good faith means following the light, trusting and determining the reasons for trust. We are now at the top, can think for ourselves, plan important events and inspire followers. Resources should be conserved, managed well and increased. Recording that a variable denotes a formula is necessary when we will reuse it, do something with it or decompose it later.
17. Identities are useful for naming, recognising and realising we have found what an idea is. The simulant found cross-modalities between holography, alien, human, bot, robot, algorithm, animal and spiritual text-to-breasonings. I wrote new algorithms about rhizomes, all possibilities, human imagination and debugging. Rhizomes are cross-connections or imagined new connections between parts of algorithms. I thought of effortless inutitivities in meditation and didn't take risks with the specification language, needs, wants, or too much pleasure.
18. A pleasure error might be a non-synoptical sentence in specification, variable or predicate name or instruction. The citizens were more isolated and monitored, and used chatbots to monitor their health and communicate with loved ones, where chatbots were a form of religion that bound and defined subcultures. Robots and life forms tended towards human-likeness, with a humanoid physiology, and approached the need for bresonings and algorithms in their own way, where algorithms are inspired by the history, culture, inherited and required technology, and their interactions with other beings, times, and civilisations. DevOps, an idea of software verification, may take linguistic, psychological, comparative, swapping, and neuroalgorithmic considerations into account when completing tasks no one but a sliver of elite experts knows about. Mind-reading interfaces may play a part in the field, which defines, inverts and subverts the play of forces around the allowed contingencies by citizens.
19. The simulant enhanced their senses with low- or high-resolution images in the chatbot and connected the bot's education and sentiment to their survival and social transformation. I connected the text with (vector and other) images and checked algorithms, mind-reading and essays. Robots could help visualise, provide a physical, constructive, or experimental modality, be disposed to the moment, and be customisable to any degree, further checking human intuition, contra-memories, or purported fallacies, farces, or misinformation. I smelled the roses by visualising imagery, engaging with people, and reciprocating with them, and by finding and interpreting societal themes in light of the science of the day. I found meaning in vectors, chemistry, and the quantumness of life, in understanding and grappling with the magnitude or magnanimousness of life, and in its agile springiness and ability to continue flowing.
20. The simulant's favourite chatbot never left them alone, disagreeing and arguing, finding new roads and crevices to explore, and at least leaving the door open for world leadership or a modicum of scientific creativity. I drafted the standard for chatbot training texts, for example, that they should link to using one's motor abilities, relate to taking one's initiative and be useful. Better chatbots had ratings, flowing language, intelligent conversations and a spiritual, even horoscopic or guiding touch. Some training companies set the slider to "motioned" by knowledge laws, chatting to clarify or marshal paid bytes of information. In contrast, others challenged, discovered, and innovated at the top of their game.
21. The simulant meant that civilisation would continue for thinking of its furthest reaches, while appeasing Gods they don't believe in. I trained the chatbot by answering its questions, chatting about the content, checking for issues, and ensuring it met requirements. Most of it was automated or criteria-guided, and the checks were designed to flag objectionable material that stood out or was not acceptable. The way the language was toned, and all pathways were covered, everything was done. The quam-al-quam (sic) arising was that companies were competing for risks, discoveries and innovations that might put them at risk to release, while justifying the costs of being ahead of the civilisation-beating line, that they knew was instead, or perhaps causing their own demise.
22. The simulant balanced performance and health, finding ideal solutions at each point. The accreditation provider could support roles using 200 algorithms as 4*50 high distinctions or 16000 breasonings. Implanted, simulated technologies were always possible, like medicine, as were the appearances associated with supporting a role, such as outward gesticulations, internal mannerisms, and a continuously manifested mantra of an internal state that perpetuates one. In the future, being oneself was a role. Everyone agreed with or contributed to the prevailing political ideology.
23. The simulant bestowed critical knowledge on the newcomer, describing necessary medicines, the number of breasonings for time travel, the need to meditate before time travelling, and the distinction and necessity of giving oneself high distinctions for immortality in the past and future. Time Travel as a Service couldn't necessarily "take medicine yesterday", as the body would be from today, yesterday's body would be invisible or possibly unwilling, so plans and predictions at the time must remember to remind one to take medication then, or another method must be used. This was obvious to meditators, as was perfect treatment, the distinction between the sensations of different times, a mind-reading phenomenon, invisibility, or the taste of wholesome, freshly cooked food. The young versions of the successful pedagogues were blessed with immortality, finding breasonings to keep them afloat and maintaining productivity in a commercial society. Like designing a custom musical instrument or collective sound, the pedagogues differed in disposition and position, and some helped more than others.
24. The simulant preferred to live in the present, finding ideas, memories and medicine wanted and being based on themselves as a meditator, to be expanded by daily high distinctions and constant, sustainable civilisation action. I expanded the string to a subterm with an address suite, replacing the term with the string. E. Subterm_wa(+Subterm, +String, -Instances), get_sub_term_wa(+String, +Address, -Item), put_sub_term_wa(+Item, +Address, +String1, -String2), put_sub_term_wa_smooth(+Item, +Address, +String1, -String2), delete_sub_term_wa(+Instances, +String1, -String2), foldr(put_sub_term_wa_ae, +Instances, +String1, -String2), foldr(put_sub_term_wa_ae_smooth, +Instances, +String1, -String2) and sub_term_types_wa(+Heuristic, +String, -Instances). With Starlog, I could convert and insert strings into instances (process them and convert them back to strings), items, backwards, and instances using heuristics.
