["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Rhetoric 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Rhetoric 2

6. Writing is rhetorical.  Rhetoric was in itself.  As A is to B, C is to D, where A, B, C and D are each as Ax is to Bx, Cx is to Dx.  Ax, Bx, Cx and Dx are each as Ay is to By, Cy is to Dy.  This continued until ground.  I computer- and human-verified the conclusion.  As I ran the program, I verified it.  I read the input and output.  I verified them.  I verified that the program produced the correct output.
7. The advantage was mind reading across time. As the self transfixed on the point, the point was entwined with a point.  I associated the value with the first point.  I could read the value from the second point.  The options were breasonings or circuits.  The lecture theatre became a theatre.  As I talked, my students understood by talking.  The student discussed the idea.  She took one side.  The other student took the other side.
8. The two people delivered their related monologues.  As the self aimed for itself, there was an A for the other.  The self aimed from its perspective.  The other thought of an A from its perspective.  The other copied the self.  People performed the work.  I reversed the idea.  Many ideas made light work.  I wrote reasons for the idea.  I reconfigured (reassembled) the idea.
9. I related writing and action.  As I created the ontology, I used it.  I found the object.  I named it.  I used the name.  In fact, mind reading required 50 meditators to be mind read per day instead of 10 algorithms per day.  I didn't disagree (agreed).  The opposite of agreeing is disagreeing.  The person either agreed or disagreed.
10. The system contained multiple others.  As the self was verified to exist, the other was verified to exist.  It was tested that the biological organism should be alive.  It was tested that its system should exist.  The connection was tested.  Care led to life.  As the carer bought food, the disabled woman lived.  I asked the men if they wanted to learn meditation.  I didn't ask the disabled woman if she wanted to learn meditation after she prepositioned me.  I helped the woman onto the tram.
"]