["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Rhetoric</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Rhetoric

1. I checked the rhetoric.  I wrote the rhetoric of safety.  As the inspector checked the site, the user used the site.  The inspector determined that the lever worked.  The user used the lever.  I connected the two ideas.  Creativity was derived from the meaning.  The meaning was the means of production.  The means was money.  Creativity helped generate currency.
2. I meant the statement again.  I said the statement, meaning it.  I worked out the statement.  I verified it.  I made the statement.  I wrote a certain amount on each topic.  I liked the job.  I chose the industry.  I chose the first job.  I chose the rest of the jobs.
3. The house of rhetoric inspired its survival.  The house of rhetoric advanced.  The foundation was 'as A is to B'.  The pillar was 'C is to D'.  I verified the idea against the house of rhetoric.  Rhetoric checked the logic.  As criticality was verified against ontological models, so were disjunction and and-implication.  Criticality, that I didn't drink the soup that was too hot, was solved by pouring milk into the soup (the ontological model).  Critical disjunction, that I hungry for neither the lemon chocolate nor the panforte, was solved by snap-freezing them.  Critical and-implication (where and-implication is implication given the 'and' truth table), that I couldn't use the plunger to make coffee because it was actually hot chocolate was solved by having hot chocolate instead.
4. The follower verified his thoughts.  As I saw, he saw.  I was sighted.  I led the blind man.  With my eyes, he could move safely.  THe rhetorician predicted thoughts.  The rhetorician advanced.  He studied rhetoric.  He applied many to one.  He used the objects up.
5. I helped with checking with my art.  As I looked over myself, I was happy.  I was happy because I looked over myself.  I look over my reasons recursively until I was happy.  I said the reasons.  I checked what I had discovered.  As I discovered the reason, I argued for it.  I wrote the reasons.  I arranged them into an argument map.  I delivered the introduction.
"]