["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Simulated Intelligence cont'd</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Simulated Intelligence cont'd

31. Simulated intelligence contained all ideas, to a point, about algorithm induction.  Simulated intelligence contains all ideas.  I thought of the first idea.  I found the ideas around it.  I thought of the ideas around these until I had thought of all of the ideas.
32. I ordered by alphanumeric code, instead of by number.  I thought around corners of the simulation.  I found a lateral (side) connection between ideas.  I thought forward.  I thought back.
33. The king answered the question with the correct answer.  I noticed Kinglish (sic) about simulated intelligence (characters reacted to the header as king).    The king gave the input.  The subject (predicateer) computed the output.  The king accepted the output.
34. The programmer also ended up becoming the manager.  Breasonings didn't like (liked) the simulation, in other words, spiritual objects.  The programmer found the real simulation.  The manager breasoned it out.  This helped the real simulation function properly (the people recognised breasonings and had their positive effects).
35. God was infallible to critique.  God collected the value pertaining the whether the character in the simulation had critiqued him.  The argument didn't mention God.  The argument mentioned the person instead.  The argument supported God.
36. The simulation was around us.  The simulation supported agreement.  I agreed.  It went well.  The simulation was harmonious.
37. Everything was definite.  In accreditation, good religion worked.  It was around pedagogy.  Grit was good grades.  The others learned.
38. The better quality doctor had contributed breasoning to conception and the birth, and breasoned out other events.  Birth was possible because of breasoning.  The parent breasoned it out.  Conception went well.  Birth went well.
39. What's inside vocational education?  I practised the meditation mantra, and taught it to students.  I learned the mantra.  I practised it.  I taught it to students I met.
40. I switched off some pain, some medical problems, unwanted thoughts and mistakes. I used the medicine quantum switch.  It worked.  It was inside vocational medicine.  I completed all necessary courses during my life."]