["Green, L 2021, <i>Linguistics</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Linguistics

1. I dispensed with idealism.  I chose reality over culture.  I chose what I needed.  The new culture reflected this.  The people knew the people.
2. I could see the characters in List Prolog grammars.  I created the lingua franca.  I found what was realistic, rather than divertissements or what was experienced on the way.  List Prolog was what was available (my own algorithms to solve problems), not a compromise between languages.  I supported the educational state of grammars in List Prolog, including manually adding the bottom case.
3. We had to have specialisms inside education.  I started the newspaper.  I found the heading.  I found the body.  I went to the next article.
4. I favoured being a person rather than God.  I wrote the article.  The Short Articles and Lecturer books stood alone.  I could entirely include the data in the recursive type statements.  The 'any' type was for bug checking.
5. I wrote a verbose programming language (example laden) and a clear programming language (helpful).  I wrote a new language.  The spoken language was articulated in List Prolog.  The phrases as predicate and variable names made it Language Prolog.  There were reasonings explaining Prolog in the native tongue.
6. One algorithm stepped through the cognitive barriers at my pace and the other algorithm interested me in the best solution.  I wrote on universalism.  I checked the secret example of the helpful hint.  I found the logic.  I triggered the hint to expand the scope.
7. Recursive types were compatible with universalism.  I defined the type logic.  It had variables.  It had code.  I used 'any' and put the code into the predicate.
8. I opened the file.  I wrote the editor.  I found the language.  I parsed the link.  I parsed the image address.
9. Completing reasonings was the most exciting part of programming in a human language.  I edited an article.  It was a text editor.  I entered the heading.  The visually impaired user editor the article.
10. The interpreter articulated the philosophy in the different language.  I spoke in a new language.  I tested the different language on the other operating system.  I read the meaning.  I listened to and pronounced the characters and words.
"]