["Green, L 2021, <i>People Values</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"People Values

1. The examined life was worth living.  The subject was heroic (saved a life).  He wrote regularly.  It helped his mind.  It helped his body.
2. The thesis plan and mind map were complete.  The subject was perfect (earned 100%).  In the master degree, the details were completed.  The algorithms were completed.  Neither had been reused from a previous assignment.
3. She checked she was on the right track rather than asked for the answer.  The subject was giving (answered a specific question).  She listened to the question.  She read the materials.  She asked a question after drafting a possible response.
4. The students checked the site.  The subject led (acted on feedback).  He found the question.  He answered it.  He put it on the site.
5. The student agreed with education.  The subject helped the disadvantaged.  He identified that they were missing something.  He helped them replace it.  For example, as they replaced 2 in 1+1=2, they replaced both pen and paper.
6. When all the algorithms were complete, the essay earned 100%.  The subject accepted the reward.  He wrote the essay.  He verified and submitted it.  He earned 100%.
7. There was a list of algorithms.  The subject gave feedback.  All the details' algorithms were complete.  She stated the time to breason out the text and write the algorithms.  The longer algorithm was preferred.
8. There was a simple version of the algorithm, which conveyed the essence.  The subject answered the question.  The classic writer hand wrote the essay and algorithm.  The seen-as version was from another work.  He knew his own material.
9. It was on a new perspective.  The subject rewrote the course.  He wrote a second draft of the thesis.  He rewrote the algorithm.  The two drafts proposed different sides of the argument.
10. The subject noticed improvement in the helped people.  Writing Pedagogy was necessary for writing breasonings.  Writing Computational English helped with writing and programming.  Writing about the interpreter in Popology and the inductive algorithm writer in Theology helped reinforce the foundations of generating algorithms.
"]