["Green, L 2021, <i>Philosophy:Computational English</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Philosophy/Computational English

1. 1000/500 words of code were required for a high distinction by the professor/non-professor.  I wrote on Computational English.  I found the features.  I added them to the algorithm one at a time to test them.  I changed the code.
2. They ran our algorithms half the time and did their own things the other half of the time.  Computational English is like a calculator.  I noticed the machine learning algorithm had a face, which it started reacting with.  They ran the different algorithms with the same person.  They were in a separate room when they weren't switched on.
3. I checked its algorithm.  I connected the two texts.  I found the first text.  I converted it to the second text.  I checked it.
4. I wrote on the finite.  I cut off infinity.  I prepared for the longest amount of work being possible.  I found the way of producing the longest of amount of work.  I produced the longest amount of work.
5. I wrote from the other's point of view.  I found the opposite side of the argument.  I found the opposite side of each contention.  I noted it at the time.  I noticed the changes in the future drafts.
6. I smelt the roses.  I determined the event's history over time.  The people came.  The people were supported.  Some of them came back for more.
7. I left the simulation.  I protected the world with a simulation.  I made no mistakes.  I made the choice.  I could have anything I wanted.
8. I found the file length from the property.  I found the the property from the file length.  I found that the part of the file had the property (were a philosophical algorithm).  The file was detailed.  It had a certain number of philosophical algorithms.
9. I labelled the definition.  I detected the term from the definition.  I predicted the content from the structure.  I predicted the structure from the content.  I named it.
10. I slightly changed the parameters.  I detected the definition from the term.  I wrote the name of the object.  I labelled the predicate.  I found various possibilities using machine learning.
"]