["Green, L 2024, <i>Abracadabra Argument</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Abracadabra Argument

1. The aerospace engineer prepared to test that an object was functioning correctly. He did this by eating using a spoon. First, he moved the spoon so that its left edge's x coordinate was equal to its left edge's x coordinate plus his mouth's left edge's x coordinate minus his spoon's left edge's x coordinate. Second, he moved the spoon so that its bottom edge's z coordinate was equal to its bottom edge's z coordinate plus his mouth's bottom edge's z coordinate minus his spoon's bottom edge's z coordinate. Third, he moved the spoon so that its front edge's y coordinate was equal to its front edge's y coordinate plus his mouth's y coordinate minus his spoon's front edge's y coordinate. In this way, the aerospace engineer prepared to test that an object was functioning correctly by eating using a spoon.

2. The manufacturer prepared to test that the seat was ergonomically designed. He did this by skewering the sausage using the fork. First, he positioned the fork horizontally over the horizontal centre of the slice of sausage. Second, he positioned the fork horizontally over the vertical centre of the slice of sausage. Third, he skewered the sausage. In this way, the manufacturer prepared to test that the seat was ergonomically designed by skewering the sausage using the fork.

3. The optometrist prepared to test the size of the chopstick she would put in her mouth. She did this by eating using the chopsticks. First, she placed the first chopstick to the left of the grain of rice. Then, she put the second chopstick to the right of the grain of rice. Finally, she picked up the grain of rice. In this way, the optometrist prepared to test the size of the chopsticks she would put in her mouth by eating using the chopsticks.

4. The physicist prepared to calculate the friction coefficient on the slope. He did this by eating using the lubricated spoon. First, he put the spoon with wheat biscuits and milk into his mouth. Second, he gripped the spoon with his lips. Third, he pulled the spoon out of his mouth, leaving the wheat biscuit and milk in his mouth. In this way, the physicist prepared to calculate the friction coefficient on the slope by eating using the lubricated spoon.

5. The technician changed the track number by tearing the potato apart with his teeth. First, he clamped down on the biteful of potato with his molars. Second, he moved his jaw to the right. Third, he moved his jaw to the left. In this way, the technician changed the track number by tearing the potato apart with his teeth.

6. The bridge technician prepared to raise the bridge by opening his mouth just before inserting food into it. First, he lifted the food to his mouth. Second, he opened his mouth. Third, he ate the food.

7. The hiker prepared to break the bread. He did this by mashing the carrot on his plate. First, he placed the slice of carrot on the centre of his plate. Next, he mashed the carrot vertically. Finally, he mashed the carrot horizontally. In this way, the hiker prepared to break the bread by mashing the carrot on his plate.

8. The cook prepared to squeeze the cooked tomato. He did this by crushing the grape. First, he took off his shoes. Next, he placed the centre of his foot on the centre of the grape. Then, he squashed the grape. In this way, the cook prepared to squeeze the cooked tomato by crushing the grape.

9. The shepherd prepared to wash the sheep. He did this by chewing using his molars. First, he placed the jelly bean on his molar. Second, he chewed by moving his jaw left. Finally, he chewed by moving his jaw right. In this way, the shepherd prepared to wash the sheep by chewing using his molars.

10. The crane mover prepared to move the crane segment into place. She pushed the pea into her molar space with her tongue. First, she pushed the food into the centre of her mouth. Second, she moved her tongue to the left of the pea. Third, she moved the pea onto his lower right molar. In this way, the crane mover prepared to move the crane segment into place by pushing the pea into her molar space with her tongue.

11. The cleaner prepared to mop the floor by dissolving the cooked pumpkin in water. First, he placed the cooked pumpkin into the glass of water. Second, he let the water sit for 5 minutes. Third, he removed the pumpkin from the water. In this way, the cleaner prepared to mop the floor by dissolving the cooked pumpkin in water.

12. The swimmer prepared to turn his head to take a breath by stirring the soup pot. First, he inserted the wooden spoon into the pot. Second, he stirred clockwise around half the pot. Third, he stirred clockwise around the other half of the pot. In this way, the swimmer prepared to turn his head to take a breath by stirring the soup pot.

13. The actor prepared to eat the apple pie. He did this by running around a certain distance with the energy from eating honey. First, he measured the distance he would travel to be 4 km. Second, he decided to run for 0.3 hours. Third, he divided 4 km / 0.4 hours, to calculate his speed, 10 km/h. In this way, the actor prepared to eat the apple pie by running around a certain distance with the energy from eating honey.

14. The child fed the vegetable model to the plastic dinosaur. He did this by dismissing the meeting's participants after the sum of the speech times had been reached. First, he started counting the minutes of the meeting from 0. Second, he summed the speech times. When the meeting time had reached this sum, he dismissed the meeting. In this way, the child fed the vegetable model to the plastic dinosaur by dismissing the meeting's participants after the sum of the speech times had been reached.

15. The Chinese teacher prepared to play duck-duck-goose by pointing to the floor and asking the child to stand up. First, he walked to the child. Next, he asked the child to stand up. Finally, he watched the child stand up. In this way, The Chinese teacher prepared to play duck-duck-goose by pointing to the floor and asking the child to stand up.

16. The demolisher prepared to test that there was no more debris. He did this by counting the number of globules of marzipan. First, he moved in all combinations of directions from a cube chosen as a relative origin in the globule of marzipan until there were no unexplored cubes. Second, he tested to the right of the first globule of marzipan for another globule of it. Third, he repeated this until there were no more globules of marzipan. In this way, the demolisher prepared to test that there was no more debris by counting the number of globules of marzipan.

17. The operator prepared to connect the caller to a call recipient by removing the treacle on toast from the bag. First, he reached inside the bag. Next, he felt for the sticky treacle on toast. Then, he removed the toast by holding it by its edge. In this way, the operator prepared to connect the caller to a call recipient by removing the treacle on toast from the bag.

18. The bricklayer prepared to load the bricks into the wheelbarrow. He did this by swallowing the globules of treacle together. First, he placed the first globule of treacle in his mouth. Second, he placed a second globule of treacle in his mouth and chewed them together. Finally, he swallowed the small mouthful of treacle. In this way, the bricklayer prepared to load the bricks into the wheelbarrow by swallowing the globules of treacle together.

19. The builder prepared to collect the smaller parts first to make the window by collecting the rubbish in the bag. First, she picked up the folded sheet of paper. Second, she carried the rubbish to the bag. Third, she placed the rubbish in the bag. In this way, the builder prepared to collect the smaller parts to make the window by collecting the rubbish in the bag.

20. The bodybuilder prepared to spot his friend lifting barbells. He did this by cleaning away the marks on his face. First, he looked in the mirror. Second, he observed that the chocolate mark was on the left side of his mouth. Third, he cleaned the left side of his mouth. In this way, the bodybuilder prepared to spot his friend lifting barbells by cleaning away the marks on his face.

21. The bread seller prepared to roll his trailer down the left of the road. He did this by running down his lane in a race. First, he placed a pole at the intersection of the starting line and the left edge of the road. Second, he placed a rope parallel to the left edge of the lane. Third, he ran down the highway with the centre of his body aligned with the rope. In this way, the bread seller prepared to roll his trailer down the left of the road by running down his lane in a race.

22. The trailer hirer prepared to wait for her trailer to dry. She did this by waiting for the lactic acid to disappear. First, she walked to the side of the track. Second, she lay down on her back. Third, she walked home. In this way, the trailer hirer prepared to wait for her trailer to dry by waiting for the lactic acid to disappear.

23. The mathematics student prepared to substitute the answer back into the algebraic equation to check it. He did this by breathing in and breathing out while running. First, he breathed in during each of his first and second steps. Second, he breathed out during each of his third and fourth steps. Finally, he repeated this process until he had finished running. In this way, the mathematics student prepared to substitute the answer into the algebraic equation to check it by breathing in and breathing out while running.

24. The babysitter prepared to carry the child. He did this by lifting his foot onto the step. First, he placed his foot 0.05 metres away from the base of the step. Second, he lifted his foot 0.05 metres above the step. Finally, he put his foot horizontally centred on the step. This way, the babysitter prepared to carry the child by lifting his foot onto the step.

25. A lab technician prepared to place food on an agar plate. She did this by lowering a bucket into the well. First, she held the bucket over the well. Then, she started lowering it into the well. Finally, she stopped lowering it into the well when she heard it make a splash. In this way, a lab technician prepared to place food on an agar plate by lowering a bucket into the well.

26. The interpreter prepared to pronounce the first and third syllables in “Italy” with emphasis. He counted the down (emphasised) beats in a music bar. First, he started his beat counter at 0. Then, he recorded the number of beats in the bar, 4. Lastly, he divided the number of beats by 2, two down beats (the first and third beat). In this way, the interpreter prepared to pronounce the first and third syllables in “Italy” with emphasis by counting the down (emphasised) beats in a bar of music.

27. The bartender prepared to attach the hose to the tap. He did this by placing his mouth around the ice cream. First, he opened his mouth to the width of the ice cream. Second, he opened his mouth to the depth of the ice cream. Third, he wrapped his mouth around the ice cream. In this way, the bartender prepared to attach the hose to the tap by placing his mouth around the ice cream.

28. The gardener prepared to water the garden. He did this by moistening his mouth between singing each phrase. First, he sang the first phrase. Next, he moistened his lips. Third, he sang the following words. In this way, the gardener prepared to water the garden by moistening his mouth between singing each phrase.

29. The knight prepared to lower the drawbridge. He did this by watching the conductor bring him in at his entrance. First, he watched the conductor before his entrance. Second, he took a breath. Third, he opened his mouth and sang the first syllable when the conductor brought him in. In this way, the knight prepared to lower the drawbridge by watching the conductor bring him in at his entrance.

30. The farmer prepared to finish loading the barn with hay. He did this by watching the conductor to know when to finish singing the final note. First, he looked at the conductor. Second, he waited until he indicated the note had finished. At the same time, he stopped singing the note. In this way, the farmer prepared to finish loading the barn with hay by watching the conductor to know when to finish singing the final note.

31. The weatherman prepared to record whether it was raining. He did this by listening to the conductor sing his first note. First, he listened to the note. Second, he hummed it to himself. Third, he prepared to sing the first note when brought in. In this way, the weatherman prepared to record whether it was raining by listening to the conductor sing his first note

32. The scientist zeroed the control test tube to compare with the test tubes with different values. He did this by marking a previous note the same as the first of the following phrase. First, he worked out which note started the following words. Second, he found the last instance of this note before this in his line. Third, he remembered this note to sing when he started the following phrase. In this way, the scientist zeroed the control test tube by marking a previous note that was the same as the first of the following words."]