["Green, L 2024, <i>Abracadabra 2 Argument</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Abracadabra 2 Argument

1. I prepared to live in a house. I did this by writing the meaning of the connection between two notes. First, I wrote the note ‘C’. Second, I wrote the note ‘G’. Third, I wrote that the connection between the notes ‘C’ and ‘G’ had a happy sound. In this way, I prepared to live in a house by writing the meaning of the connection between two notes.

2. I prepared to attend class by thanking the teacher by shaking his hand. First, I touched his hand. Second, I held his palm. Third, I shook his hand. In this way, I prepared to attend class by thanking the teacher by shaking his hand.

3. I prepared to walk more quickly. I did this by having intercourse with the policeman. First, I walked to the policeman. Second, I chatted with the policeman. Third, I advanced to the pole. In this way, I prepared to walk more quickly by having intercourse with the policeman.

4. I prepared to sing a song about a dance by writing a song about learning meditation. I did this by learning to say many words in a few words. First, I wrote the words “five fruits.” Second, I wrote the word “ingredients.” Third, I said “five fruits” by saying “ingredients.” In this way, I prepared to sing a song about a dance by writing a song about learning meditation.

5. I prepared to rearrange my room by making enough space to play Anarchy by Lucian Green. First, I made enough space in my room. Second, I filled it with interesting objects. Third, I played the song. This way, I prepared to rearrange my room by making enough space to play Anarchy by Lucian Green.

6. I prepared to finish a year level of a degree. I did this by studying a subject at Melbourne University. First, I walked to the University. Second, I sat in class. Third, I opened my book. In this way, I prepared to finish a year level of a degree by studying a subject at Melbourne University.

7. I prepared to sit on the mat by becoming a monk to pray. First, I sat on the mat, put my hands by my sides, and prayed for rain.

8. The monk prepared to pray for someone to be well. He did this by going from his bed to the middle of the room on time. First, he unfolded the sheet. Second, he pulled himself out of bed. Third, he stood in the centre of the room. In this way, the monk prepared to pray for someone to be well by going from his bed to the middle of the room on time.

9. I prepared to place the bookmark in the book by persuading a student to read it. First, I realised I liked the book. Second, I read it. Third, I gave it to the student to read. In this way, I prepared to place the bookmark in the book by persuading a student to read it.

10. I prepared to love life by checking my pulse. First, I put my finger on my pulse. Second, I felt it until I could feel it. Third, I recorded the number of beats per minute I had.

11. The baby enjoyed meditation, which trained her. She enjoyed meditating by walking for 5 minutes. First, she started walking from the starting point. Second, she prepared to keep walking on her journey. Third, she stopped walking when she reached her endpoint. In this way, the baby enjoyed meditation by walking for 5 minutes.

12. I prepared to discover the Physics Code. I did this by explaining how subatomic particles made properties work. First, I examined the subatomic particle. Second, I examined how it made a property work. Third, I wrote down this property. In this way, I prepared to discover the Physics Code by explaining how subatomic particles made properties work.

13. I prepared to perform a headcount on the train. I did this by counting the number of faces of the dodecahedron. First, I counted the polyhedron’s first face. Second, I counted its next face. Third, I repeated this until I had counted all the faces. In this way, I prepared to perform a headcount on the train by counting the number of faces of the dodecahedron.

14. I prepared to compete in the race by watching the three-in-one gear work. First, I placed the first gear on the frame. Second, I put the second gear on the frame, touching the first gear. Third, I attached the third gear, touching the second gear, and moved the first gear, rotating the other gears. In this way, I prepared to compete in the race by watching the three-in-one gear working.

15. I prepared to test what was visible in the neuroscience practical. I did this by breasoning out the eyes (in other words, thinking of an algorithm involving the eyes relating to movement along a pathway in the same way that a philosophy professor would pull model eyes from a blue cloth in the same way that one would draw a swab out of a test tube to clean it, then breasoning out, or thinking of the eyes’ x, y and z dimensions). First, I measured the right eye’s width. Second, I measured the right eye’s height. Third, I duplicated these measurements for the left eye. In this way, I prepared to test what was visible in the neuroscience practical by breasoning out the eyes.

16. I prepared to buy the autobiography. I did this by reading the autobiography’s authors’ first name twice as a mantra and surname twice as a sutra. First, I tested that the first pair of words was the autobiography’s author’s name and repeated each twice. Second, I prepared to test the next pair of words. Third, I repeated this until I had found the author’s first name. In this way, I prepared to buy the autobiography by reading the autobiography’s authors’ first name.

17. I prepared to make sure I felt well. I did this by praying to have a digestive system pop prevented, with a calm digestive system instead, and a calm digestive system until the next day, where a separate argument about avoiding sitting on a pop-up seat, in other words, an automatically folding seat when it was up, should be used. First, I walked to the seat. Second, I tested the seat to ensure that it was up. Third, I stood beside the seat, avoiding sitting on it. In this way, I prepared to ensure I felt well by avoiding sitting on an automatically folding seat when it was up.

18. I prepared to go down the high hill. I did this by testing that the face of the giant ice block was flat. First, I tested that all the squares in the first row of the massive ice block’s face were flat. Second, I prepared to test that all the squares in the next row of the giant ice block’s face were flat. Third, I repeated this until all the rows had been tested. In this way, I prepared to go down the high hill by testing that the face of the giant ice block was flat.

19. The man prepared to “be in heaven” by watching the sunset to test when to sleep. He did this by climbing up the palm tree. First, he pulled himself up the tree with his arms with his legs gripping the tree. Second, he pulled his legs up while holding the tree with his arms. Third, he repeated this until he had climbed the tree. In this way, the man watched the sunset by climbing up the palm tree.

20. I prepared to watch the fidgets go for a walk by watching one man pass a ball to the other. First, I watched the first man catch the ball. Second, I watched him pass the ball to the second player. Third, I watched the second player catch the ball. In this way, I prepared to watch the fidgets go for a walk by watching one man pass a ball to the other one.

21. I prepared to clean the oven by eating and testing the uniformity of the slice of cake. First, I ate the first half of the raisin. Second, I ate the second half of the raisin. Third, I tested that they were equally crunchy.

22. I prepared to test I was invincible instead of nature. I did this by drinking the strawberry milkshake globules. First, I placed the bottom of the straw at the bottom of the glass. Second, I put my lips around the tip of the top of the straw. Third, I sucked the strawberry milkshake globules through the straw.

23. I prepared to cuddle Jesus. I did this by loving the baby Jesus doll. First, I placed hay in the manger. Second, I put the baby Jesus doll in the manger. Third, I covered it with a blanket. In this way, I prepared to cuddle Jesus by loving the baby Jesus doll.

24. I prepared to listen to the song. I did this by reading that the song sold the most records in history because it was confirmed that it approached the apex of the leaf, meaning it had sold maximally. First, I read the first song’s sales value. Second, I read the next song’s sales value and replaced the previous maximum song value with it if it was more significant than it. Third, I repeated this until I reached the end of the list of values and computed the maximum value. In this way, I prepared to listen to the song by reading that it sold the most records in history because it was indeed approaching the apex of the leaf, meaning it had sold maximally.

25. I prepared to walk on stage by becoming famous using the sutra. First, I sat on the pad. Second, I meditated by repeating the sutra in my mind. Third, I got up when I finished. In this way, I prepared to walk on stage by becoming famous using the sutra.

26. I prepared to jump into the pool by dancing on the spot. First, I moved my left arm up. Second, I moved it downwards sideways. Third, I bowed. In this way, I prepared to jump into the pool by dancing on the spot.

27. I prepared to test my stamp set. I did this by writing a sentence for each point in history using all the letters in the alphabet from each point in history. First, I checked the following letter in the sentence wasn’t used. Second, I prepared to test that the following letter in the sentence wasn’t used. Third, I repeated this until I found a sentence that used all the alphabet's different letters once. In this way, I prepared to test my stamp set by writing a sentence for each point in history using all the letters in the alphabet from each point in history.

28. The famous writer prepared for the painting of him to be painted. He did this by wearing the clothes Shakespeare would have worn. First, he put on the wig. Second, he put on the gown. Third, he put on the pelt. In this way, the famous writer prepared for the painting of him to be painted by wearing the clothes Shakespeare would have worn.

29. I prepared to develop a society famous for its success. I did this by creating a problem-solving kit for a friend’s child. First, I taught that the child, represented by the doll, should live in the house, represented by the model. Second, I placed the house model in front of me. Third, I helped the child to place the doll in the house. In this way, I prepared to develop a society that was famous for its success by creating a problem-solving kit for a friend’s child.

30. I prepared to play the game. I did this by searching for words meaning “old” to base the name of a computer game based on my Computer Science major. First, I looked up “old” in a thesaurus. Second, I read and described the synonyms for “old” in the thesaurus. Third, I confirmed the similarity of the synonyms with “old” and wrote them down. In this way, I prepared to play the game by searching for words meaning “old” to base the name of a computer game based on my Computer Science major.

31. I prepared to perform at the concert by pressing the button to write the pop song. First, I selected the section of music to repeat. Second, I copied the section of music. Third, I pasted the section of music after the first section of music. In this way, I prepared to perform at the concert by pressing the button to write the pop song.

32. I prepared to lip-synch the song by pressing the button to produce the music video. First, I found the visual marker for the start of the video. Second, I found the aural marker for the beginning of the song. Third, I synchronised these markers to produce the video. This way, I prepared to lip-synch the song by pressing the button to make the music video."]