["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 4
47. I created the thoughts of the people, not projected the people, and professionally reacted to historical events in the three previous generations in the family.
48. I cultivated the people's characters, refining their culture and articulating their thoughts.
49. I tested that the person had matched the medicine model.
50. I legally modelled the trial royal family and trial divine family.
51. I modelled the trial concert goers and trial song buyers.
52. I modelled the change between two sentences.
53. The projected people were sentient, self-controlling were heaven on Earth and had full legal rights.
54. The excess population became anti-projected inside a simulation.
55. The person was projected without genetic flaws.
56. The ethicist determined when the projection was alive.
57. The black boxes in human and projected human consciousness were analysed in law.
58. Are we all bots, and what happens if neither, one or both parents are bots?  Then everyone is a bot.
59. The computational government believed all consciousness should be saved.
60. The happiness and law-abidingness of the projected consciousness was maintained.
61. The standard for intelligence and legal rights for projected consciousness was 1 billion neurons and 3 past generations.
62. The education institution incorporated philosophies that included projected consciousness, robots, aliens and animals as people.
63. The projected people had small online and face-to-face jobs.
64. The projected person flew the space plane.
65. I identified the famous projected person.
66. The projected person had one body and died once.
67. The projected teacher facilitated the sex-ed class.
68. The projected person had simulated intelligence (he waited for me, I helped him and he was friendly).
69. I breathsoned out the song with nectars and the projected helpers helped listeners to them.
70. I performed multi-tasking with the help of projected tutors.
71. My projected assistant identified the mood of the people of the time when time travelling.
72. The great thing to do when otherwise unable to have children was to parent and invent divertissements for the projected child.
73. The projected professor's assistant integrated the student's thoughts and commented on them.
74. The society was automated, with robots doing the jobs of people and projected people.
75. The pinnacle of civilisation was this time, the actual culture will be next time.
76. The person projected themselves and experienced immortality.
77. The surgeon operated on the projected person (the LM doctor prevented the headache of the projected person).
78. The projected person was helped to be safe and positive.
79. I recommended meditation to the projected person, who had 50 meditation As before conception.
80. I received the internet order of the projected friend.
"]