["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Mind Reading 
Cryptography
1. Once the initial mind reading transmission and reception has occurred, encrypt and transmit to check that the signal used for the part remains privacy.
2. I encrypted, decrypted and checked the integrity of the signal for time travel.
3. The subject should breason out 4*50 As containing algorithms for mind reading to work.
4. The reward is in itself and does not require an incentive.
5. The master is good because he maintains the quality.
6. The cryptography algorithm is rot-13 (rotate letters 13 positions to the left or right).
7. Farms should remain sustainable by having enough seeds from the last crop for the next crop.
8. The decryption algorithm is to rotate the letters in the opposite direction and number of characters from where they started.
9. After 10 algorithms per chapter per student, the same as the next chapter should be found.
10. An object's registration number is in itself, i.e. is unique, so contains details of time and place.
11. Sell being virtually seconds away from customers when there is a triggering event.
12. The best encryption algorithm was used in politics.
13. I provided safety advice as a breasoning currency switch for the scientist's life decisions (i.e. ethically treated cryptography).
14. The message was encrypted in the present and decrypted in the future.
15. I checked the integrity of the transmission by sending it twice in a safe format.
16. I included the start and end point codes.
17. I synchronised communication in ten pairs of universes and therefore the multiverse.
18. I generated the key to use in encryption.
19. The recipient checked the message for signs of trouble.
20. I accepted only messages only relative to my own timeline.
21. I transmitted only at clear breasoning times.
22. I chose the best available encryption technology, which was more secure and user friendly.
23. The signal included the only copy of the message, which I decrypted predicting the key, having saved the message.
24. The node was known to transmit and receive using particular keys at particular times.
25. The message was transmitted at least twice using different keys until carrier breasoning was attained.
26. I found the best times for transmitting and receiving.
27. I mind read the future mind read message to be safe.
28. I physically travelled between the transmitter and receiver to send the key there.
29. I regularly tested the encryption-decryption system.
30. I anchored, encrypted, decrypted and verified the signal for mind reading the person.
31. I found out, gave As to the conversation to test whether to approve and encrypt it.
32. I retried to establish the carrier signal if it failed.
33. There was a dualism between any signal and one person.
34. There is only one copy of a person, restored from the start, like cryptography for integrity.
35. I prepared to test the message was positive, like cryptography for integrity.  I connected the message together using medicine, like cryptography for integrity.
36. I prepared to think of the possible replies to the message, like cryptography for integrity.  I verified and explained the message, like cryptography for integrity.
37. I breasoned out food examples to make sure the conversation went smoothly, like cryptography for integrity. I only performed and expected inflow (new material) in the message when the recipient was ready, like cryptography for integrity.
38. I found out, summarised and suggested dialogue, like cryptography for integrity.
39. I broke down the message for correct grammar and visualised spelling, like cryptography for integrity.
40. I suggested appropriate messages for an intellectually disabled person, like cryptography for integrity.


"]