["Green, L 2021, <i>Purusha 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Purusha 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to love everyone to me.  I did this by jogging on the pavement.  First, I placed running clothes and shoes.  Second, I walked onto the pavement.  Third, I ran on the pavement.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone to me by jogging on the pavement.

12.   I prepared to love everyone to you too.  I did this by calculating how long it took to eat the store of apples.  First, I set the sand timer at 0.  Second, I timed how long it took to eat the apple.  Third, I multiplied this time by the number of apples.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone to you too by calculating how long it took to eat the store of apples.

13.    I prepared to love everyone to me too.  I did this by eating the guava.  First, I halved the guava.  Second, I scooped a spoonful of guava and ate it.  Third, I repeated the second step until I had finished eating the guava.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone to me too by eating the guava.

14.   I prepared to love everyone to everyone.  I did this by eating the pears with everyone.  First, I cooked the pears.  Second, I placed them into bowls.  Third, I ate my pear with everyone.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone to everyone by eating the pears with everyone.

15.   I prepared to encourage vegans.  I did this by loving everyone to sausage eaters.  First, I decided to love.  Second, I loved everyone.  Third, I loved everyone to sausage eaters.  In this way, I prepared to encourage vegans by loving everyone to sausage eaters.

16.   I prepared to become the new God (leader).  I did this by loving God (the leader).  First, I found God (the leader).  Second, I loved her.  Third, I followed her.  In this way, I prepared to become the new leader by loving God (the leader).

17.   I prepared to remain in heaven (bliss).  I did this by loving my partner.  First, I found my partner.  Second, I loved my partner.  Third, I held on to my partner.  In this way, I prepared to remain in heaven (bliss) by loving my partner.

18.   I prepared to state that W.S. stood for white (a movie key term) and sorry (a music key term).  I did this by loving my family member.  First, I found Methuselah.  Second, I found him on high.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to state that W.S. stood for white (a movie key term) and sorry (a music key term) by loving my family member.

19.    I prepared to think of the land of the magpie.  I did this by drawing the magpie.  First, I examined the magpie.  Second, I drew her head.  Third, I drew her body.  In this way, I prepared to think of the land of the magpie by drawing the magpie.

20.  I prepared to act on the day (in the shoot).  I did this by acting on the day.  First, I found the date and time of the call.  Second, I found the place of the call.  Third, I acted on the day.  In this way, I prepared to act on the day (in the shoot) by acting on the day.

"]