["Green, L 2021, <i>Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 1 of 4



1. 'Children / H1 / Earning Jobs / Protection in Jobs' is about 4 uses for Green's conception of pedagogy, or a way to earn H1 by breasoning out 80 breasonings (objects visualised geometrically) as a token of professionalism to earn 80% in an essay that is an only way of conceiving a healthy child (by giving the child the best possible environment to develop), earn H1 in an assignment at school or University (by writing a pedagogical argument which gives a list of ways to write the argument using geometrical, etc. methods), earn jobs using the H1 essay as a token of professionalism (by breasoning out this essay 50 times, as a framework for the job) and protection in jobs, by meditating on a pedagogy-based meditation to cover any A-grade essays the worker needs from training to be protected in his or her job.

The mantra and sutra are different in the following regard.  The mantra triggers 1 breasoning per each of 80 mantras, for a total of 1 A (with 80 breasonings).  80 sutras each trigger 5 breasonings to be expanded to 50 breasonings, for a total of 50 As (with 80 breasonings each).  This expansion requires Medicine, where the sutra requires mental input to 'expand' experienced breasonings.  Both the mantra's breasonings and sutra's breasonings are lit up by recordings of 50 breasonings per mantra or sutra.  The breasonings generated in meditation mean that the worker has met the professional requirements (expected to be 50 As, or 50*80 breasonings) per job per day.


1a.      I prepared to synthesise successfully having children, earning H1, earning jobs and being protected during one's job.  I did this by not applying too much shampoo, but applying enough shampoo instead.  First, I emptied enough shampoo into my hand.  Second, I lifted the shampoo to the top of my head.  Third, I massaged the shampoo into my hair.  In this way, I prepared to synthesise successfully having children, earning H1, earning jobs and being protected during one's job by not applying too much shampoo, but applying enough shampoo instead.

2.      I prepared to enter the hotel.  I did this by not sitting in the hansom cab too long after it had reached its destination, but got out immediately.  First, I waited until the cab had stopped.  Second, I opened the door.  Third, I got out.  In this way, I prepared to enter the hotel by not sitting in the hansom cab too long after it had reached its destination, but got out immediately.

3.      I prepared to eat the chocolate shell.  I did this by loving the customer by letting him remove the chocolate shell from the ice cream.  First, I inserted my finger into the ice cream.  Second, I grasped the shell.  Third, I removed it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the chocolate shell by loving the customer by letting him remove the chocolate shell from the ice cream.

4.      I prepared to love being with you.  I did this by drinking the cappuccino.  First, I lifted the cappuccino to my lips.  Second, I rotated the cup.  Third, I drank from it.  In this way, I prepared to love being with you by drinking the cappuccino.

5.      I prepared to submit my masterpiece to the exhibition.  I did this by dribbling paint on the canvas.  First, I took the lid off the paint can.  Second, I dribbled a circle of paint on the canvas.  Third, I dribbled a line of paint on the canvas.  In this way, I prepared to submit my masterpiece to the exhibition.  I did this by dribbling paint on the canvas.

6.      I prepared to play in a spiccato style.  I did this by bouncing the bow lightly on the violin string.  First, I lifted the bow above the string.  Second, I bounced the bow on the string.  Third, I rubbed rosin on the bow to prepared to do this again.  In this way, I prepared to play in a spiccato style by bouncing the bow lightly on the violin string.

7.      I prepared to like living.  I did this by moving around the site.  First, I paddled with a kickboard.  Second, I walked with sneakers.  Third, I crawled on all fours.  In this way, I prepared to like living by moving around the site.

8.      I prepared to write home.  I did this by spilling blue paint on the paper.  First, I lifted the paint canister.  Second, I jerked it.  Third, I stopped when the paper was 20% covered.  In this way, I prepared to write home by spilling blue paint on the paper.

9.      I prepared to write on a humanities idea that was compatible with the future, not limited to current ideas.  I did this by writing on a people-humanities, not an idea-humanities idea.  First, I researched the person's life.  Second, I started writing on her life.  Third, I finished writing when I had written about he whole life.  In this way, I prepared to write on a humanities idea that was compatible with the future, not limited to current ideas by writing on a people-humanities, not an idea-humanities idea.

10.     I prepared to write the complex program.  I did this by splitting the objects mentioned in the program into small parts.  First, I examined the objects.  Second, I worked out how to represent the objects in the simplest manner necessary for the computer program to traverse their representations.  Third, I wrote the computer program.  In this way, I prepared to write the complex program by splitting the objects mentioned in the program into small parts.

"]