["Green, L 2021, <i>Meditation Teacher Sutra 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Meditation Teacher Sutra 3 of 4

21.   You prepared to be the main person too.  You did this by being fast parents with young children.  First, you got married.  Second, you got a mortgage.  Third, you had children.  In this way, you prepared to be the main person too by being fast parents with young children.

22.   I prepared to like being with you.  I did this by shaking my worlds.  First, I shook the model globe.  Second, I waited until it had opened.  Third, I watched the key fall out.  In this way, I prepared to like being with you by shaking my worlds.

23.   I prepared to like being happy.  I did this by inverting my frown into a smile.  First, I identified myself frowning.  Second, I relaxed my face.  Third, I smiled.  In this way, I prepared to like being happy by inverting my frown into a smile.

24.   I prepared to be on my guard.  I did this by placing the fireguard in place.  First, I turned the fire on.  Second, I lifted the fire screen.  Third, I placed it in front of the fire.  In this way, I prepared to be on my guard by placing the fireguard in place.

25.  I prepared to like being friendly by myself.  I did this by going for a walk at the same time each day.  First, I decided whether I wanted to go for a walk at a particular time.  Second, I went for a walk at this time.  Third, I did this all day.  In this way, I prepared to like being friendly by myself by going for a walk at the same time each day.

26.   I prepared to like a lady.  I did this by giving the children all of the academic As once per day.  First, I waited until 12 noon.  Second, I gave them all of the academic As.  Third, I watched their faces.  In this way, I prepared to like a lady by giving the children all of the academic As once per day.

27.   I prepared to go outside.  I did this by wearing a coat.  First, I unbuttoned the coat.  Second, I put on the jacket.  Third, I put on a costume, went on stage and became King of Pop.  In this way, I prepared to go outside by wearing a coat.

28.   I prepared to do a corrected act on stage.  I did this by playing the lutephonics.  First, I plucked the lute's string.  Second, I listened to whether it was sharp or flat.  Third, I tuned it down or up respectively, to the correct note.  In this way, I prepared to do a corrected act on stage by playing the lutephonics.

29.   I prepared to pull people out of the grave.  I did this by pushing everyone up.  First, I lay under the person.  Second, I put my hands on his back.  Third, I pushed him up.  In this way, I prepared to pull people out of the grave by pushing everyone up.

30.   I prepared to fall asleep.  I did this by imagining sheep jumping over me.  First, I watched one sheep jump over me in my imagination.  Second, I prepared to watch the second sheep jump over me in my imagination.  Third, I repeated this until I had fallen asleep.  In this way, I prepared to fall asleep by imagining sheep jumping over me.

"]