["Green, L 2021, <i>Sutra 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Green Sutra 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to include ideas in different places in different ideas in the same place.  I did this by connecting the different ideas in the same place with epsilon (no change in place).  First, I mapped the ideas.  Second, I drew translatative transformations between them.  Third, I brought the best radical ideas (from different places) to the same place.  In this way, I prepared to include ideas in different places in different ideas in the same place by connecting the different ideas in the same place with epsilon (no change in place).

12.   The meditation (philosophy) teacher prepared to verify the inference to the conclusion.  The meditation (philosophy) teacher did this by preparing for the student's conclusion by thinking of the reason for the conclusion.  First, she connected the student's possible reason to the first breasdostoning (sic) step.  Second, she connected the first breasdostoning step to the second breasdostoning step.  Third, she connected the second breasdostoning step to the third breasdostoning step and then the conclusion.  In this way, the meditation (philosophy) teacher prepared to verify the inference to the conclusion by preparing for the student's conclusion by thinking of the reason for the conclusion.

13.    I prepared to observe companies foster life.  I did this by stating that the green life was grown.  First, I planted the seed.  Second, I watered it.  Third, I observed it grow.  In this way, I prepared to observe companies foster life by stating that the green life was grown.

14.   I prepared to sustain life.  I did this by stating that light sustained life.  First, I found the light.  Second, I found the plant.  Third, I found that the light sustained the plant.  In this way, I prepared to sustain life by stating that light sustained life.

15.   I prepared to follow the robot.  I did this by observing that the green signal indicated to go.  First, I observed the green signal switch on.  Second, I observed the robot recognise it.  Third, I observed the robot go.  In this way, I prepared to follow the robot by observing that the green signal indicated to go.

16.   I prepared to stop when the robot stopped.  I did this by observing that the red signal indicated to stop.  First, I observed the red signal switch on.  Second, I observed the robot recognise it.  Third, I observed the robot stop.  In this way, I prepared to stop when the robot stopped by observing that the red signal indicated to stop.

17.   I prepared to research meditation (writing).  I did this by meditating on God (writing about the work of a philosopher).  First, I noticed my skin wasn't as tight.  Second, I noticed my lips didn't crack.  Third, I felt protected.  In this way, I prepared to research meditation (writing) by meditating on God (writing about the work of a philosopher).

18.   I prepared to prevent cell damage.  I did this by taking responsibility to be safe in the sun.  First, I mapped the sun exposure points on my itinerary.  Second, I wrote the types of Sun Exposure Equipment (SEE) I would need at each point on my timeline.  Third, I put on the SEE under the shade before each point on my timeline.  In this way, I prepared to prevent cell damage by taking responsibility to be safe in the sun.

19.    I prepared to be a cinematographer.  I did this by photographing the clear sky.  First, I pointed the pinhole camera at the sky.  Second, I opened the shutter.  Third, I closed the shutter.  In this way, I prepared to be a cinematographer by photographing the clear sky.

20.  I prepared to design the foreshore.  I did this by observing the tide.  First, I marked the tide at dawn.  Second, I prepared to repeat this for each hour.  Third, I repeated this until sunset.  In this way, I prepared to design the foreshore by observing the tide.

"]