["Green, L 2021, <i>50 Breasonings Per Utterance 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
50 Breasonings Per Utterance 1 of 4

 includes question and answer categories that represent the type of content that repeating the meditation utterance indicates.  The rate reflects speed of human thought, and feels relaxing when one is higher in meditation.

Caution: Say the mantra 'Lucian' 80 times and the sutra 'Green' 80 times before the following to protect oneself.

It is necessary to know how to meditate using 50 A's per utterance on days when to protect oneself on days when one is recorded for broadcast or publishing. This technology is built into TM and other Krishna-derived meditation, but actors and others must be with it over it to get jobs.

To activate the technology:

1aa. Rehearse 5 breasonings (sets of X, Y and Z dimensions), without saying 'metres' from the sets of breasonings chapters (e.g. the one at the end of this section).

Note: you can write them down and read them in step 2.

2. Say them in 5 seconds, using e.g. the iPhone's stopwatch. Repeat until this is successful.

3. Do this 50 times.

Also, athletes will win races, famous academics will help students with the help of this technology, which is with the help of a master. Also, non-Lucianic-like meditators should program the technology into their meditation (once to have the effect for the rest of their lives) to meditate with these effects soundly.

1a.     I prepared to become a leader.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I found the 3% mark.  Second, I found me instead.  Third, I quickly took off.  In this way, I prepared to become a leader.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

2.    I prepared to make the distinction between economics and medicine.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I loved Adrian.  Second, I helped him up.  Third, I wrote Economics for him.  In this way, I prepared to make the distinction between economics and medicine by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

3.     I prepared to be healthy.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I treated the ex-Head of State psychiatrically.  Second, I avoided the ducklings' claws.  Third, I protected them.  In this way, I prepared to be healthy by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

4.    I prepared to get on with the job.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I loved Christianity.  Second, I loved the horse.  Third, I loved Martha Nussbaum.  In this way, I prepared to got on with the job by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

5.    I prepared to correct the person of a higher rank.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I detected Martha Nussbaum.  Second, I wrote I liked you.  Third, I helped you up.  In this way, I prepared to correct the person of a higher rank by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

6.    I prepared to enable longevities.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I inserted the repeated text with autocorrect.  Second, I wondered what the body did.  Third, I helped the ex-philosophy tutor psychiatrically.  In this way, I prepared to enable longevities by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

7.    I prepared to keep music.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I noticed the big gay celibate person rolling around.  Second, I saw the miracles.  Third, I walked on stage on time.  In this way, I prepared to keep music by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

8.    I prepared to change the religious terms to philosophical terms after writing the breasoning chapter.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I maintained pedagogical finesse in school.  Second, I became a vice captain in Cross Country running.  Third, I observed certain old boys follow my meditation (philosophy) blog after year 12.  In this way, I prepared to change the religious terms to philosophical terms after writing the breasoning chapter by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

9.     I prepared to love Beatrice Potter as well.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I prepared to be a few seconds away from my friends.  Second, I was the Big Man.  Third, I endorsed some local products.  In this way, I prepared to love Beatrice Potter as well by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

10.   I prepared to decipher him.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I needed you.  Second, I had you.  Third, I blessed you (watch you sneeze).  In this way, I prepared to decipher him by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation blog.

"]