["Green, L 2021, <i>Blue Nature 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Blue Nature 1 of 4


1. Nature, mainly the blue ocean, brings us joy in the form of gifts coming to us as meditators.  Vegetarianism is encouraged, and other gifts may include better health and happiness.


1a.     I prepared to come to a person like a card marching to a person as a breasoning in an A grade argument.  I did this by coming to people.  First, I wrote where the people were.  Second, I wrote the route from my starting point to my destination.  Third, I travelled along this route.  In this way, I prepared to come to a person like a card marching to a person as a breasoning in an A grade argument by coming to people.

2.    I prepared to write an intelligent argument.  I did this by writing the high quality developed topic in music.  First, I wrote the high quality developed topic.  Second, I wrote the song title.  Third, I wrote the music.  In this way, I prepared to write an intelligent argument by writing the high quality developed topic in music.

3.     I prepared to have fun.  I did this by mimicking the other.  First, I breathed the other's breath.  Second, I smelt the other's fragrance.  Third, I tasted the other's sweat.  In this way, I prepared to have fun by mimicking the other.

4.    I prepared to experience the music.  I did this by writing 250 breasonings for each assessable song.  First, I loved people.  Second, I agreed with the gay person.  Third, I agreed with his partner.  In this way, I prepared to experience the music by writing 250 breasonings for each assessable song.

5.    I prepared to protect myself from being sued.  I did this by asking the talent to sign the talent release form.  First, I hired the talent.  Second, I asked the talent to sign the talent release form.  Third, I asked the talent to perform.  In this way, I prepared to protect myself from being sued by asking the talent to sign the talent release form.

6.    I prepared to use the music agent because they were already set up.  I did this by my music being played on the radio.  First, I professionally produced my song.  Second, I joined the music agent.  Third, my song was played on the radio when I breasoned out an A.  In this way, I prepared to use the music agent because they were already set up by my music being played on the radio.

7.    I prepared to bracket the music.  I did this by using my songs internally in my education system.  First, I set the song, with elements of a grand synthesis of a department as its lyrics, as assessment.  Second, I asked the students to breason out 80-250 breasonings.  Third, I asked the students to paraphrase, object to, rebut to, cite and reconnect the reasons in the song's argument, which was based on an algorithm.  In this way, I prepared to bracket the music by using my songs internally in my education system.

8.    I prepared to have the song professionally produced.  I did this by following the music producer's instructions.  First, I sang the song the first time.  Second, I prepared to sing the song again.  Third, I repeated this until I had sung during all the takes.  In this way, I prepared to have the song professionally produced by following the music producer's instructions.

9.     I prepared to connect together main points from cliques.  I did this by writing on something interesting to do with the song.  First, I identified the topic.  Second, I constructed an aphohedron from all the song's parts.  Third, I thought of interconnections between clique nodes from the randomly broken down aphohedron.  In this way, I prepared to connect together main points from cliques by writing on something interesting to do with the song.

10.   I prepared to connect my current topic of interest in the department with the topic.  I did this by being given bonus marks for writing on something interesting to do with the song.  First, I wrote down something interesting apart from a cited quote from the essay.  Second, I was awarded an additional 10% greater than my grade.  Third, this was capped at 100%.  In this way, I prepared to connect my current topic of interest in the department with the topic by being given bonus marks for writing on something interesting to do with the song.

"]