["Green, L 2021, <i>Purusha 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Purusha 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to eat the scone with the Idiot.  I did this by stating that I am purusha (universal man).  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked the cosmos.  Third, I became a universal man.  In this way, I prepared to eat the scone with the Idiot by stating that I am purusha (universal man).

22.   I prepared to like everything about the other purushas.  I did this by liking them.  First, I walked into the dormitory.  Second, I introduced myself to the three purushas.  Third, I held a conversation with them.  In this way, I prepared to like everything about the other purushas by liking them.

23.   I prepared to go back to black.  I did this by being given a black lamb.  First, I went to market.  Second, I bought a black lamb.  Third, I cuddled it at home.  In this way, I prepared to go back to black by being given a black lamb.

24.   I prepared to earn the degree.  I did this by earning the required As.  First, I asked Plato.  Second, I asked the Heads of State.  Third, I asked the religious leader (the man).  In this way, I prepared to earn the degree by earning the required As.

25.  I prepared to write the aphor symbol, or section symbol.  I did this by playing with the cricket.  First, I played with the cricket.  Second I let him hop out of my hand.  Second, I noticed him with his friend.  In this way, I prepared to write the aphor symbol, or section symbol by playing with the cricket.

26.   I prepared to taste test the new food.  I did this by licking the taste tab.  First, I found the blueberry taste tab.  Second, I held it to my tongue.  Third, I licked it.  In this way, I prepared to taste test the new food by licking the taste tab.

27.   I prepared to make the card gazebo.  I did this by inserting the tab.  First, I detached the card gazebo along the perforated lines.  Second, I folded it along the creases.  Third, I inserted the tab.  In this way, I prepared to make the card gazebo by inserting the tab.

28.   I prepared to synthesise Hegel's idea with his main idea.  I did this by placing my thesis online.  First, I breasoned out 50 As.  Second, I applied to an online journal.  Third, I placed my thesis online.  In this way, I prepared to synthesise Hegel's idea with his main idea by placing my thesis online.

29.   I prepared to fill my presentation with the ideas of Heidegger and Laozi.  I did this by placing my presentation online.  First, I wrote my presentation.  Second, I placed it online.  Third, I viewed it.  In this way, I prepared to fill my presentation with the ideas of Heidegger and Laozi by placing my presentation online.

30.   I prepared to breason out the gems.  I did this by writing the required number of breasonings.  First, I breasoned out quartz.  Second, I breasoned out ruby.  Third, I breasoned out lapis lazuli.  In this way, I prepared to breason out the gems by writing the required number of breasonings.

"]