["Green, L 2021, <i>Upasana Sutra 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Upasana Sutra 3 of 4

21. I prepared to earn genius marks. I did this by spelling out the mathematics equation. First, I spelt out the equation. Second, I instructed the computer how to do it. Third, I instructed the computer to run the program. In this way, I prepared to earn genius marks by spelling out the mathematics equation.

22. I prepared to write down what was necessary to work out the equation. I did this by substituting the correct parts for the variables in the equation. First, I substituted the value corresponding to the first variable for the first variable in the equation. Second, I prepared to repeat this for the next variable. Third, I repeated this until all the variables had been substituted for values. In this way, I prepared to write down what was necessary to work out the equation by substituting the correct parts for the variables in the equation.

23. I prepared to move my arm in space. I did this by calculating the result. First, I calculated the results of the brackets. Second, I calculated all the additions, divisions, multiplications and subtractions in the equation in that order. Third, I repeated this until I had calculated the result. In this way, I prepared to move my arm in space by calculating the result.

24. I prepared to write the line. I did this by buying the pencil sharpener. First, I took out the money. Second, I placed it on the counter. Third, I took the change. In this way, I prepared to write the line by buying the pencil sharpener.

25. I prepared to verify that you wanted the present. I did this by putting the present in your hand. First, I took the present from the wardrobe. Second, I asked you to close your eyes. Third, I placed the present in your hands. In this way, I prepared to verify that you wanted the present by putting the present in your hand.

26. I prepared to clean the desk. I did this by emptying the shavings through the hole of the pencil sharpener. First, I placed the pencil sharpener above the bin. Second, I tipped the pencil sharpener upside down. Third, I tapped it. In this way, I prepared to clean the desk by emptying the shavings through the hole of the pencil sharpener.

27. I prepared to inspect the animal mannequin.  I did this by walking Inky.  First, I called Inky.  Second, I placed the leash on her.  Third, I walked her.  In this way, I prepared to inspect the animal mannequin by walking Inky.

28. I prepared to eat the vegan delight.  I did this by eating the slice of watermelon.  First, I cut he slice of watermelon.  Second, I lifted it to my lips.  Third, I ate the coarse textured, water-saturated fruit.  In this way, I prepared to eat the vegan delight by eating the slice of watermelon.

29. I prepared to make a profit.  I did this by computing data science using statistics.  First, I considered what I wanted.  Second, I surveyed what was available.  Third, I bought what I needed.  In this way, I prepared to make a profit by computing data science using statistics.

30. I prepared to agree to pay a certain amount per breasoning, as part of base pay.  I did this by inventing a future job.  First, I employed the equality officer.  Second, I employed the green officer.  Third, I employed the pedagogy officer to pedagogise (sic) the whole neighbourhood.  In this way, I prepared to agree to pay a certain amount per breasoning, as part of base pay by inventing a future job.  First, I employed the equality officer.

"]