["Green, L 2021, <i>Soma 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Soma 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to eat chocolate.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I tried fried tofu.  Second, I really loved you.  Third, I loved him.  In this way, I prepared to eat chocolate by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

12.   I prepared to like Pedagogy.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I asked 'What's that?'  Second, I ate tofu meats.  Third, I distinctly loved you.  In this way, I prepared to like Pedagogy.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

13.    I prepared to love God (the master).  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I wrote 'Oh that'.  Second, I wrote that it is good.  Third, I wrote that it is doubly good.  In this way, I prepared to love God (the master) by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

14.   I prepared to call them positive.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I wrote I ignored them.  Second, I played fun games.  Third, I rolled the dice.  In this way, I prepared to call them positive by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

15.   I prepared to introduce the families to each other.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked him as a police officer.  Third, I had him over for dinner.  In this way, I prepared to introduce the families to each other by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

16.   I prepared to dine.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I wrote on Stravinsky.  Second, I helped him up.  Third, I played strings.  In this way, I prepared to dine by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

17.   I prepared to eat with you.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I it itself was good.  Second, I like you.  Third, I showed love to you.  In this way, I prepared to eat with you by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

18.   I prepared to write 'Do I know you?'  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I gave you a love heart.  Second, I threw it out.  Third, I stamped on it.  In this way, I prepared to write 'Do I know you?' by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

19.    I prepared to look in the snack box.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote about you.  Second, I wanted to do it.  Third, I asked what the connections were.  In this way, I prepared to look in the snack box by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

20.  I prepared to write a plus sign about you.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I am Michael Mouse.  Second, I wrote on the dorbuchers (sic).  Third, I wrote on the knickerbocker glories.  In this way, I prepared to write a plus sign about you by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

"]