["Green, L 2021, <i>Meditation Teacher Sutra 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Meditation Teacher Sutra 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to push strawberries into my mouth.  I did this by molding strawberries.  First, I pressed the strawberry up.  Second, I kept pushing it up.  Third, I ate it when it reached the top.  In this way, I prepared to push strawberries into my mouth by molding strawberries.

32.   I prepared to eat dessert.  I did this by eat strawberries out of a bowl.  First, I offered the money.  Second, I offered the property.  Third, I offered my time to take part in the religion.  In this way, I prepared to eat dessert by eat strawberries out of a bowl.

33.   I prepared to appear intelligent in relation to main programs about life.  I did this by determining that the line was bug-free.  First, I verified the command's spelling.  Second, I verified the number of commands.  Third, I verified the command returned the desired result.  In this way, I prepared to appear intelligent in relation to main programs about life by determining that the line was bug-free.

34.   I prepared to entertain the guests.  I did this by stating that the musician was vegetarian.  First, I ate the peanut sauce.  Second, I ate the broccoli.  Third, I ate the carrot.  In this way, I prepared to entertain the guests by stating that the musician was vegetarian.

35.   I prepared to feed the chivalrous knights.  I did this by producing food in my role as the restaurant manager.  First, I produced onion relish.  Second, I produced mango chutney.  Third, I produced Indian cuisine.  In this way, I prepared to feed the chivalrous knights by producing food in my role as the restaurant manager.

36.   I prepared to write my own exam.  I did this by writing it in multiple-choice format.  First, I decided on the main points.  Second, I decided on the criteria points for each point.  Third, I wrote the exam.  In this way, I prepared to write my own exam by writing it in multiple-choice format.

37.   I prepared to go to heaven (peace on earth).  I did this by teaching the meditation technique.  First, I travelled to the calm place.  Second, I surrounded myself with students.  Third, I instructed them in the meditation technique.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven (peace on earth) by teaching the meditation technique.

38.   I prepared to provide feedback on meditation teaching.  I did this by preventing regogitation (sic) (thinking of the same content twice).  First, I prepared to think of the first idea.  Second, I prepared to think of the next idea.  Third, I repeated this until I had thought of the ideas that I liked to.  In this way, I prepared to provide feedback on meditation teaching by preventing regogitation (sic) (thinking of the same content twice).

39.   I prepared to observe safety guidelines.  I did this by doing one thing at a time.  First, I performed the first activity.  Second, I finished it.  Third, I performed the second activity.  In this way, I prepared to observe safety guidelines by doing one thing at a time.

40.  I prepared to notice you.  I did this by watching the navy show.  First, I noticed the first mate.  Second, I noticed the response.  Third, I verified that it was correct.  In this way, I prepared to notice you by watching the navy show.

41.   I prepared to examine the famous intellectually disabled student.  I did this by playing the intellectually disabled student.  First, I was sensitive to her voice.  Second, I was sensitive to her appearance.  Third, I was sensitive to her world.  In this way, I prepared to examine the famous intellectually disabled student by playing the intellectually disabled student.

42.   I prepared to observe life on planet Earth.  I did this by repeating the sutra.  First, I read the sutra in a book.  Alternatively, I listened to a teacher tell it to me.  Then, I repeated the sutra for twenty minutes twice per day.  In this way, I prepared to observe life on planet Earth by repeating the sutra.

"]