["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Moving Appearances 4 of 4

31. I prepared to give my time to the radiation experiment using personal protective equipment.  I did this by giving my student the A grade for an assignment.  First, I read the assignment.  Second, I wrote the number of correct responses down.  Third, I wrote the student had earned the A grade for the assignment because the number of correct responses were 80% of the questions in the assignment.  In this way, I prepared to give my time to the radiation experiment by giving my student the A grade for an assignment.

32. I prepared to examine the molecule to test the hypothesised effect of subatomic particles on it's properties, in the same way that I would ask the teacher different questions about the test.  I did this by revising for the test.  First, I read the question.  Second, I read the answer.  Third, I tested I understood the answer.  In this way, I prepared to examine the molecule to test the hypothesised effect of subatomic particles on it's properties, in the same way that I would ask the teacher different questions about the test by revising for the test.  First, I read the question.

33. I prepared to eat the vegan delight.  I did this by licking the three-fruit ice cream.  First, I licked the strawberry ice cream.  Second, I licked the peach ice cream.  Third, I licked the mango ice cream.  In this way, I prepared to eat the vegan delight by licking the three-fruit ice cream.

34. I, the philosopher, prepared to be there.  I did this by writing.  First, I was in the centre with you.  Second, I wrote about it with you.  Third, I liked you.  In this way, I, the philosopher, prepared to be there by writing.

35. I prepared to let my would-be daughter and her husband keep the dowry.  I did this by giving the dowry.  First, I found my daughter.  Second, I gave her half the dowry.  Third, I gave her husband half the dowry.  In this way, I prepared to let my would-be daughter and her husband keep the dowry by giving the dowry.

36. I prepared to approve of my daughter's quality of life.  I did this by observing the parent approve of the partner.  First, I observed the parent test the partner's job.  Second, I observed the parent test the partner's outward manner.  Third, I observed the parent test the partner's physical state.  In this way, I prepared to approve of my daughter's quality of life by observing the parent approve of the partner.

37. I prepared to act on my status.  I did this by verifying my status.  First, I checked the train's current station.  Second, I verified whether it was my destination.  Third, I disembarked if it was.  In this way, I prepared to act on my status by verifying my status.

38. I prepared to verify that you would be at the place at the same time as me.  I did this by verifying your status against my status.  First, I saw you.  Second, I decided to walk to you.  Third, I met you.  In this way, I prepared to verify that you would be at the place at the same time as me by verifying your status against my status.

39. I prepared to lead the good life.  I did this by preventing problems on the farm.  First, I wrote the question.  Second, I wrote the answer.  Third, I replied with this answer when this question arose.  In this way, I prepared to lead the good life by preventing problems on the farm.

40. I prepared to take notes.  I did this by finding the lost leash.  First, I looked on the table.  Second, I found it.  Third, I went for a walk.  In this way, I prepared to take notes by finding the lost leash.

41. I prepared to write the breasoning's algorithm.  I did this by observing the student agreeing with the breasonings.  First, I observed the student agree with the breasoning.  Second, I observed the student agree with the breasoning's algorithm's first breasoning.  Third, I observed the student agree with the breasoning's algorithm's second breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to write the breasoning's algorithm by observing the student agreeing with the breasonings.

42. I prepared to endorse fairness.  I did this by agreeing with positivity in relationships.  First, I found the relationship.  Second, I determined that it was positive.  Third, I agreed with it.  In this way, I prepared to endorse fairness by agreeing with positivity in relationships.

Purusha
1. "]