["Green, L 2021, <i>Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 2 of 4

11.      I prepared to like you.  I did this by licking the ice-cream wafer.  First, I inserted the wafer into the cone.  Second, I pulled it out using the serviette.  Third, I mashed it with a fork and licked it.  In this way, I prepared to like you by licking the ice-cream wafer.

12.     I prepared to like myself.  I did this by eating the ball of tofu ice cream.  First, I found a smaller ball of tofu ice cream.  Second, I inserted the disposable fork into the ice cream.  Third, I placed the ball into my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to like myself by eating the ball of tofu ice cream.

13.      I prepared to like everyone in sight.  I did this by counting how many ribbons were attached to the maypole.  First, I added one to the counter for the first ribbon.  Second, I prepared to count the next ribbon.  Third, I stopped counting when I had counted all the ribbons.  In this way, I prepared to like everyone in sight by counting how many ribbons were attached to the maypole.

14.     I prepared to be given a book of knowledge.  I did this by when I earned H1.  First, I read the first sheet of paper.  Second, I prepared to read the next sheet of paper.  Third, I stopped reading when I had finished the pile.  In this way, I prepared to be given a book of knowledge by when I earned H1.

15.     I prepared to be given a job.  I did this by making sure my book of knowledge was the same length as my H1.  First, I measured the potoroo.  Second, I visualised this length.  Third, I wrote down this length.  In this way, I prepared to be given a job by making sure my book of knowledge was the same length as my H1.

16.     I prepared to be protected with training during my job.  I did this by connecting with knowledge on a different topic from my 50 As.  First, I  breasoned out 50 instances of an A in meditation.  Second, I asked God for an A on a different topic.  Third, I received the training for my job.  In this way, I prepared to be protected with training during my job by connecting with knowledge on a different topic from my 50 As.

17.     I prepared to observe everyone undergoing training.  I did this by observing the king lion telling everyone to do this.  First, I looked in the den. Second, I observed the lion cleaning the cub.  Third, I watched the cub clean the other cub.  In this way, I prepared to observe everyone undergoing training by observing the king lion telling everyone to do this.

18.     I prepared to be given a movie the length of my H1 set.  I did this by completing an H1 set.  First, I gave each crew member an H1.  Second, I gave each actor an H1.  Third, I gave each prop an H1.  In this way, I prepared to be given a movie the length of my H1 set by completing an H1 set.

19.      I prepared to watch the healthy baby being born.  I did this by thinking of enough ideas clearly.  First, I calculated how many ideas were needed.  Second, I thought of these ideas.  Third, I gave these to the wife in the couple before conception.  In this way, I prepared to watch the healthy baby being born by thinking of enough ideas clearly.

20.     I prepared to earn the job.  I did this by breasoning out 50 As.  First, I breasoned out the first A.  Second, I prepared to breason out the next A.  Third, I stopped when I had breasoned out 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to earn the job by breasoning out 50 As.

"]