["Green, L 2021, <i>Pranayama 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Pranayama 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to connect music and direction.  I did this by writing the Review of the Direction Essay Press Release.  First, I wrote about pianissimos.  Second, I wrote about forte.  Third, I around about crescendo.  In this way, .

12.   I prepared to teach them how to do it.  I did this by writing the Hegel Journal Article.  First, I wrote about Hegel.  Second, I wrote about Journals.  Third, I wrote about Articles.  In this way, I prepared to teach them how to do it by writing the Hegel Journal Article.

13.    I prepared to interest Nietzche.  I did this by writing the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.  First, I performed yoga.  Second, I was calm.  Third, I visited the library and read a book.  In this way, I prepared to interest Nietzche by writing the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.

14.   I prepared to have my essay published in the journal.  I did this by writing the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.  First, I wrote the essay.  Second, I rebreasoned 50 As.  Third, I submitted the essay to the journal.  In this way, I prepared to have my essay published in the journal by writing the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.

15.   I prepared to eat vegan cake.  I did this by writing the Hegel Journal Article Press Release.  First, I published my article.  Second, I heard from the press.  Third, I was interviewed.  In this way, I prepared to eat vegan cake by writing the Hegel Journal Article Press Release.

16.   I prepared to eat the rich treat.  I did this by writing the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article Press Release.  First, I wrote the press release.  Second, I breasoned it out to prevent the big idea cloth appearing.  Third, I helped Antonia to Honours.  In this way, I prepared to eat the rich treat by writing the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article Press Release.

17.   I prepared to be incognito.  I did this by writing the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article Press Release.  First, I totted home.  Second, I ate the watermelon.  Third, I wrote on Heidegger.  In this way, I prepared to be incognito by writing the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article Press Release.

18.   I prepared to design the building.  I did this by writing the Review of the Hegel Journal Article.  First, I said it was interesting.  Second, I reviewed it.  Third, I helped people to it.  In this way, I prepared to design the building by writing the Review of the Hegel Journal Article.

19.    I prepared to write divertissements.  I did this by writing the Review of the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.  First, I wrote on leprosy.  Second, I wrote on happy chords.  Third, I wrote on the mother's success in meditation.  In this way, I prepared to write divertissements by writing the Review of the First Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.

20.  I prepared to reach nirvana (not do anything wrong).  I did this by writing the Review of the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.  First, I wrote the stars were forming.  Second, I wrote the tides came in.  Third, I wrote the colony was settled.  In this way, I prepared to reach nirvana (not do anything wrong) by writing the Review of the Second Heidegger and Daoism Journal Article.

"]