["Green, L 2021, <i>Heads of State 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Heads of State 4 of 4

31. I prepared to be a religious leader, surrounded with flowers.  I did this by cutting a living flower from a plant.  First, I selected a lotus flower.  Second, I cut it from the plant.  Third, I adorned the table with it.  In this way, I prepared to be a religious leader, surrounded with flowers by cutting a living flower from a plant.

32. I prepared to visit the king.  I did this by reading the map.  First, I found where I was departing from.  Second, I found the destination.  Third, I connected these points.  In this way, I prepared to visit the king by reading the map.

33. I prepared to be famous.  I did this by eating the zucchini.  First, I breasoned out the breasonings correctly from the start by switching them off.  Second, I breasoned out 'I,' 'ate' and 'zucchini'.  Third, I steamed and ate the zucchini.  In this way, I prepared to be famous by eating the zucchini.

34. I prepared to teach the tame baby budgy to talk.  I did this by liking the budgerigar.  First, I listened to the budgerigar.  Second, I looked at the budgerigar.  Third, I held the budgerigar.  In this way, I prepared to teach the tame baby budgy to talk by liking the budgerigar.

35. I prepared to record the galah call.  I did this by patting the galah.  First, I talked with the park ranger.  Second, I asked if I could pat the galah.  Third, I patted the galah.  In this way, I prepared to record the galah call by patting the galah.

36. I prepared to go on tour as a fashion designer.  I did this by reattaching the model leg.  First, I found the model leg.  Second, I reattached it.  Third, I put the model on display.  In this way, I prepared to go on tour as a fashion designer by reattaching the model leg.

37. I prepared to earn A by repeating the medicine sutra twice.  I did this by sealing the model capillary to stop infection.  First, I cleared dirt from it.  Second, I disinfected it.  Third, I placed a band-aid on it.  In this way, I prepared to earn A by repeating the medicine sutra twice by sealing the model capillary to stop infection.

38. I prepared to be famous.  I did this by making it in music.  First, I wrote songs.  Second, I wrote As.  Third, I performed at concerts.  In this way, I prepared to be famous by making it in music.

39. I prepared to enjoy subsidised accreditation.  I did this by agreeing with the government.  First, I read the government policy.  Second, I verified that it was a good idea.  Third, I agreed with it.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy subsidised accreditation by agreeing with the government.

40. I prepared to achieve my personal best.  I did this by agreeing with royalty's system.  First, I performed Salute to the Sun Yoga in the morning and Yoga Asanas twice per day (stretched).  Second, I performed meditation (went for a walk).  Third, I prevented a headache and mistakes by spiritually unscrewing a spiritual nut from a spiritual bolt and placing the potential headache and mistakes in quantum box or saying a prayer (B) to prevent them.  In this way, I prepared to achieve my personal best by agreeing with royalty's system.

41. I prepared to start a vegetable farm.  I did this by stating that I am a vegan.  First, I joyously stated that I was a vegan.  Second, I stated that this prevented global warming, land degradation, species extinction, deforestation, pollution, water scarcity and malnourishment in the developing world.  Third, I stated that the world thanked me.  In this way, I prepared to start a vegetable farm by stating that I am a vegan.

42. I prepared to enjoy self-sufficiency.  I did this by letting the prince to do his own work.  First, I observed him enroll in Creative Writing, Nietzsche and Education.  Second, I observed him write his own arguments.  Third, I observed him earn a job.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy self-sufficiency by letting the prince to do his own work.

"]