["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to enroll in a new subject.  I did this by disembarking from the bus.  First, I waited until the bus had stopped.  Second, I walked to the start of the aisle.  Third, I stepped onto the footpath.  In this way,  I prepared to enroll in a new subject by disembarking from the bus.

12.   I prepared to complete the area of study.  I did this by placing intelligence objects end to end.  First, I placed the pie on the plate.  Second, I placed the slice of pear on the pie.  Third, I placed the apple slice on the slice of pear.  In this way, I prepared to complete the area of study by placing intelligence objects end to end.

13.    I prepared for my brain to do nothing.  I did this by knowing my heart was loved.  First, I asked for a hug from my mother.  Second, my mother hugged me.  Third, my heart rate decreased.  In this way, I prepared for my brain to do nothing by knowing my heart was loved.

14.   I prepared to write 'thank you'.  I did this by writing it in the brain-pixel font, in other words fill in pixels making up text.  First, I peeled off the brain sticker from the backing sheet.  Second, I applied the sticker to the square.  Third, I continued doing this until the brain banner was complete.  In this way, I prepared to write 'thank you' by writing it in the brain-pixel font, in other words fill in pixels making up text.

15.   I prepared to have enough heat on my sore back to make it better.  I did this by heating the rock in the fire to warm up a cloth to rub on it.  First, I rubbed sticks together to make a spark.  Second, I placed kindling on the fire.  Third, I warmed up the rock, which I warmed the cloth with.  In this way, I prepared to have enough heat on my sore back to make it better by heating the rock in the fire to warm up a cloth to rub on it.

16.   I prepared to write the song 'Like a Husky'.  I did this by identifying who had blue eyes.  First, I found the wavelength of the man's eyes.  Second, I checked whether it was 475 nanometres.  Third, I listed the names of the men.  In this way, I prepared to write the song 'Like a Husky by identifying who had blue eyes.

17.   I prepared to quench my thirst.  I did this by drinking the triculating water.  First, I poked my tongue out.  Second, I let the drop of water roll onto it.  Third, I swallowed it.  In this way, I prepared to quench my thirst by drinking the triculating water.

18.   I prepared to eat ice cream.  I did this by pouring the waffle mixture into the mold.  First, I mixed the waffle mixture.  Second, I poured it into the funnel.  Third, I made and cooked the waffle.  In this way, I prepared to eat ice cream by pouring the waffle mixture into the mold.

19.    I prepared to behave holily.  I did this by eating the whole apple.  First, I cut the apple horizontally.  Second, I cut the apple vertically.  Third, I cut the apple lengthways.  In this way, I prepared to behave holily by eating the whole apple.

20.  I prepared to give the king the star.  I did this by accepting the serotonin from the king.  First, the king have me the strawberry milkshake.  Second, he gave me the straw.  Thirdly, I drank the strawberry milkshake using the straw.  In this way, I prepared to give the king the star by accepting the serotonin from the king.

"]