["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Moving Appearances 2 of 4

11. I prepared to paint the dock.  I did this by using the brush stylus to intuitively paint with the computer tablet.  First, I decided to paint a long thin stroke.  Second, I chose to start the stroke with the corner of the brush to paint a thin stroke.  Third, I painted the stroke with the brush on an angle to paint a long stroke.  In this way, I prepared to paint the dock by using the brush stylus to intuitively paint with the computer tablet.

12. I prepared to synchronise the files.  I did this by breathing in and out at the same time as my friend.  First, I watched my friend starting to breathe in.  Second, I started to breathe in.  Third, I repeated this by breathing out at the same time as my friend.  In this way, I prepared to synchronise the files by breathing in and out at the same time as my friend.

13. I prepared to store a cup in a wall.  I did this by putting my tongue in the lolly's hole.  First, I poked my tongue out.  Second, I started pushing it into the hole.  Third, I stopped pushing my tongue forward when it had reached the end of the hole.  In this way, I prepared to store a cup in a wall by putting my tongue in the lolly's hole.

14. I prepared to wait until sunset.  I did this by staying at the laboratory for as long as possible.  First, I wrote a list of items to do during the day.  Second, I wrote the time each item would take.  Third, I completed each item in the necessary item.  In this way, I prepared to wait until sunset by staying at the laboratory for as long as possible.

15. I prepared to write a computer program with a minimalist main predicate, in other words with code in the main predicate moved to other predicates.  I did this by cleaning my neck.  First, I wetted a sponge.  Second, I applied the sponge to my neck.  Third, I soaked up any water on my neck.  In this way, I prepared to write a computer program with a minimalist main predicate by cleaning my neck.

16. I prepared to maintain my self-confidence.  I did this by smiling at the person facing me.  First, I looked at the left eye of the person facing me.  Second, I looked at the right eye of the person facing me.  Third, I smiled at her.  In this way, I prepared to maintain my self-confidence by smiling at the person facing me.

17. I prepared to love each idea.  I did this by loving, in other words repeating 80 lucian mantras.  First, I repeated five lucian mantras.  Second, I repeated this twice.  Third, I repeated this eight times.  In this way, I prepared to love each idea by loving, in other words repeating 80 lucian mantras.

18. Einstein prepared to test what was built into an atom.  He did this by eating a bagel at each eatery.  First, he went to the first eatery.  Second, he ate a bagel there.  Third, he repeated this until he had visited each eatery.  In this way, Einstein prepared to test what was built into an atom by eating a bagel at each eatery.

19. I prepared to become a professor.  I did this by concentrating well at University.  First, I enrolled at University.  Second, I attended class there.  Third, I finished each degree one at a time (note: lecturers are trained to fail students who are enrolled in two separately enrolled degrees at a time).  In this way, I prepared to become a professor by concentrating well at University.

20. I prepared to wear the heat shield.  I did this by making the pocket out of fabric by attaching it to the hole.  First, I cut out two pocket halves from the fabric.  Second, I sewed their bottoms and sides together.  Third, I sewed the tops of the two sides of the pocket to the two sides of the hole for the pocket.  In this way, I prepared to wear the heat shield by making the pocket out of fabric by attaching it to the hole.

"]