["Green, L 2021, <i>Soma 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Soma 1 of 4

, the spiritual liquid in the digestive system, must be spiritually drunk by God to prevent digestive system pops from practising the sutra before practising the sutra each day.  It is often written about in terms of food that gives the meditator energy to work each day.

1a.     I prepared to do something again.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.  First, I wrote that too many cooks spoiled the broth.  Second, I wrote I avoided them.  Third, I did it again.  In this way, I prepared to do something again by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.

2.    I prepared to be the best.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.  First, I wrote many children's books.  Second, I liked you.  Third, I identified the brain thought.  In this way, I prepared to be the best by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.

3.     I prepared to write that that was because of thinking so clearly of the philosopher rather than the worthless numbers game.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.  First, I wrote I liked things.  Second, I wrote 'Never, you!'  Third, I made a distinction.  In this way, I prepared to write that that was because of thinking so clearly of the philosopher rather than the worthless numbers game by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.

4.    I prepared to eat processed excrement.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.  First, I dodged the bullet.  Second, I stated my gender.  Third, I loved you.  In this way, I prepared to eat processed excrement.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.

5.    I prepared to love Nietzsche.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.  First, I ate processed excrement again.  Second, I processed the cheese.  Third, I watched Nietzsche eat the processed excrement.  In this way, I prepared to love Nietzsche by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy blog.

6.    I prepared to eat processed feces.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I indicate love.  Second, I liked you.  Third, I helped you.  In this way, I prepared to eat processed feces by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

7.    I prepared to eat the carrot.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I ate the recycled garbage.  Second, I went on the cycling machine.  Third, I went for a run.  In this way, I prepared to eat the carrot by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

8.    I prepared to siccen (sic) myself.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I ate happies.  Second, I ate fun.  Third, I ate goods.  In this way, I prepared to siccen (sic) myself by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

9.     I prepared to eat the peanut butter.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I became an Emeritus Professor.  Second, I ate the onion.  Third, I ate the garlic.  In this way, I prepared to eat the peanut butter by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

10.   I prepared to lick the lolly.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.  First, I wrote that he asked what is the point of pedagogy again.  Second, I rolled in it.  Third, I intoxicated myself.  In this way, I prepared to lick the lolly by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy indicators.

"]