["Green, L 2021, <i>50 Breasonings Per Utterance 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
50 Breasonings Per Utterance 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to love myself.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I loved papa smurf.  Second, I loved the minions.  Third, I loved King Arthur.  In this way, I prepared to love myself by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

32.   I prepared to state that the writer had been dead for 70 years.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I loved the Lady of the Lake.  Second, I loved Excalibur.  Third, I loved public domain knowledge.  In this way, I prepared to state that the writer had been dead for 70 years by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

33.   I prepared to be sentient.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I wanted Angela.  Second, I found her in a computer lab.  Third, I knew she had performed well in Honours.  In this way, I prepared to be sentient by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

34.   I prepared to write plays.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I calculated what fraction of 1 I was to the goal.  Second, I went to sleep.  Third, I was like Shakespeare.  In this way, I prepared to write plays by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

35.   I prepared to state I am mainly fit.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I celebrated Absurdia.  Second, I synthesised the comment.  Third, I thought of seeing the chiropractor.  In this way, I prepared to state I am mainly fit by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

36.   I prepared to say everyone loves me.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I thought of the heart tart.  Second, I included meditation.  Third, I concentrated on them.  In this way, I prepared to say everyone loves me by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

37.   I prepared to work for myself.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I discussed it in front of Adrian.  Second, I passed it with the authorities.  Third, I accredited it.  In this way, I prepared to work for myself by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

38.   I prepared to touch fame.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I studied what was helpful.  Second, I made it.  Third, I knew the character.  In this way, I prepared to touch fame by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

39.   I prepared to meet regularly in a formal environment.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I did my job.  Second, I researched locations.  Third, I selected the best location.  In this way, I prepared to meet regularly in a formal environment by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

40.  I prepared to delect on capsicum.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I led the good life.  Second, I read that it was to get me going.  Third, I worked out I was better.  In this way, I prepared to delect on capsicum by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

41.   I prepared to let the breath drop in.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I exhaled slowly.  Second, I lifted my arms up.  Third, I yawned.  In this way, I prepared to let the breath drop in by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

42.   I prepared to realise true fame.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Computational English essays.  First, I met the Queen.  Second, I was famous on the radio.  Third, I met the Prime Minister.  In this way, I prepared to realise true fame by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Computational English essays.


"]