["Green, L 2021, <i>Heads of State 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Heads of State 3 of 4

21. The head of state's dog prepared to be taken care of by coming to her.  He did this by licking inside the bonus fruit bowl on command.  First, he touched the inside of the fruit bowl with his tongue.  Second, he started licking around the edge of the fruit bowl.  Third, he stopped when he had reached half-way.  In this way, the head of state's dog prepared to be taken care of by coming to her by licking inside the bonus fruit bowl on command.

22. The architect prepared to look out of the south-facing window.  He did this by cleaning the south-facing window.  First, he squeezed a drop of water onto each square of the window.  Second, he wiped them with the cloth.  Third, he wiped the water dry.  In this way, the architect prepared to look out of the south-facing window by cleaning the south-facing window.

23. I prepared to walk on the mat.  I did this by replacing the west exit's mat when the old one was 50% full.  First, I tested that the box was 50% full of spheres.  Second, I removed it.  Third, I replaced it with another mat.  In this way, I prepared to walk on the mat by replacing the west exit's mat when the old one was 50% full.

24.  The chemist prepared to make an alpha-radioactive time machine.  He did this by making a time machine that went forward as alpha-radiation was emitted.  First, he removed a square of paper alpha 'radiation' from the box on the desk.  Second, he prepared to remove the next square of paper alpha 'radiation' from the box.  Third, he stopped when all the 'radiation' had been emitted.  In this way, the chemist prepared to make an alpha-radioactive time machine by making a time machine that went forward as alpha-radiation was emitted.

25. The police watcher prepared to go home.  He did this when he realised there was nothing to watch.  First, he looked where the subject usually stood.  Second, he realised she had gone home.  Third, he realised she was not doing anything in that place.  In this way, the police watcher prepared to go home when he realised there was nothing to watch.

26. The tennis player prepared to have a conversation with someone.  She did this by returning two returns in short succession.  First, she hit the first ball.  Second, she hit the second ball.  Third, she relaxed.  In this way, the tennis player prepared to have a conversation with someone by returning two returns in short succession.

27. I prepared to give the speech.  I did this by resting all night.  First, I lied on the bed.  Second, I rested.  Third, I woke up in the morning.  In this way, I prepared to give the speech by resting all night.

28. I prepared to go to sleep.  I did this by thinking of an A (a perfect thought) rather than the first ten mistakes when resting.  First, I thought of the first breasoning for this (in other words, thinking of an algorithm involving the object relating to movement along a pathway in the same way that a philosophy professor would pull model eyes from a blue cloth in the same way that one would pull a swab out of a test tube to clean it, then breasoning out, or thinking of the object's x, y and z dimensions).  Second, I prepared to think of the next breasoning.  Third, I repeated this until ten breasonings had been thought of.  In this way, I prepared to go to sleep by thinking of an A.

29. The dancer prepared to attend the ball.  She did this by making a coral necklace.  First, she selected a piece of tubular coral and threaded it.  Second, she prepared to select the next piece of coral.  Third, she continued until enough pieces of coral had been threaded so that the necklace's length was covered in coral and the necklace was flexible.  In this way, the dancer prepared to attend the ball by making a coral necklace.

30. I prepared to make the necklace.  I did this by polishing the pearl.  First, I held the pearl to show the right latitude.  Second, I held the pearl to show the right longitude.  Third, I polished that region of the pearl, following which I repeated this for the next longitude and after this, the next latitude.  In this way, I prepared to make the necklace by polishing the pearl."]