["Green, L 2021, <i>Upasana Sutra 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Upasana Sutra 4 of 4

31. I prepared to send the letter to the Queen.  I did this by licking the stamp.  First, I detached the stamp from the perforated sheet.  Second, I licked it.  Third, I attached it to the envelope.  In this way, I prepared to send the letter to the Queen by licking the stamp.

32. I prepared to go forward.  I did this by liking Samadhi.  First, I drove along the highway.  Second, I stopped at the side of the road.  Third, I lit a campfire.  In this way, I prepared to go forward by liking Samadhi.

33. I prepared to countermand the instruction.  I did this by driving to work.  First, I performed my morning regimen.  Second, I drove to work.  Third, I walked into the office.  In this way, I prepared to countermand the instruction by driving to work.

34. I prepared to think of the central thought clearly.  I did this by deciding whether to buy in philosophy of data science.  First, I saw the product.  Second, I decided to buy it.  Third, I bought it.  In this way, I prepared to think of the central thought clearly by deciding whether to buy in philosophy of data science.

35. I prepared to transcend (connect) positivity with a positive thought.  I did this by observing that the spiritual particles (s-particles) collided, making me happy.  First, I found how the representation agreed with me.  Second, I signaled this by colliding s-particles.  Third, I breasoned out an A to make me happy because of this.  In this way, I prepared to transcend (connect) positivity with a positive thought by observing that the spiritual particles (s-particles) collided, making me happy.

36. I prepared to thank the religious leader.  I did this by giving the religious leader a gift.  First, I visited the shop.  Second, I selected a gift.  Third, I gave it to the religious leader.  In this way, I prepared to thank the religious leader by giving the religious leader a gift.

37. I prepared to philosophise about music.  I did this by liking God (the philosopher).  First, I produced the song.  Second, I paid for it to be mixed and mastered.  Third, I set it for my students to examine.  In this way, I prepared to philosophise about music by liking God (the philosopher).

38. I prepared to play the person.  I did this by mimicking the person.  First, I found videos of the person.  Second, I mimicked his manner.  Third, I mimicked his matter.  In this way, I prepared to play the person by mimicking the person.

39. I prepared to become God (a philosopher).  I did this by repeating 50*80 Upasana sutras (50*50 As).  First, I repeated 80 Upasana sutras on the first day.  Second, I prepared to repeat 80 Upasana sutras on the next day.  Third, I repeated this for 50 days.  In this way, I prepared to become God (a philosopher) by repeating 50*80 Upasana sutras (50*50 As).

40. I prepared to teach knowledge.  I did this by following the meditation (philosophy) teacher.  First, I followed the meditation (philosophy) teacher.  Second, I listened to her knowledge.  Alternatively, I read the book.  In this way, I prepared to teach knowledge by following the meditation (philosophy) teacher.

41. Assuming I would be a professor, I prepared to examine my students over 2 weeks (at 2 As per day).  I did this by playing tiddly winks.  First, I wrote the exam.  Second, I counted the breasonings written.  Third, I awarded the corresponding grade to the student.  In this way, Assuming I would be a professor, I prepared to examine my students over 2 weeks (at 2 As per day) by playing tiddly winks.

42. I prepared to have the same effect as a sequence of short courses on the same topic in agreeing and disagreeing.  I did this by agreeing with a major as part of a degree.  First, I completed the major.  Second, I observed the head studied Master of Communications.  Third, I observed the founder studied Master of International Business.  In this way, I prepared to have the same effect as a sequence of short courses on the same topic in agreeing and disagreeing by agreeing with a major as part of a degree.

"]