["Green, L 2021, <i>Hours Prayer 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Hours Prayer 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to go to heaven (the bed after the concert).  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I listened to the singer.  Second, I proved it was plentiful.  Third, I had fun.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven (the bed after the concert) by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

32.   I prepared to thought of the last thing you thought of, following which I apologised before a mistake to Head of State.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I liked being healthy.  Second, I noticed there were plenty of sexual ideas but no one was interested in them because they weren't turned on.  Third, I thought they were cute.  In this way, I prepared to thought of the last thing you thought of, following which I apologised before a mistake to Head of State by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

33.   I prepared to be off with them.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I started the ignition and took off.  Second, I realised M was in front of the queen.  Third, I admired Q's headpiece.  In this way, I prepared to be off with them by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

34.   I prepared to love yachts.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote my music sounded the same as the radio in stereo.  Second, I put the pads on hard left and hard right.  Third, I was inspired the song format of Strawberry Shortcake.  In this way, I prepared to love yachts by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

35.   I prepared to apologise.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I loved the Peacocks.  Second, I nuzzled the horse.  Third, I loved them.  In this way, I prepared to apologise by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

36.   I prepared to breason it out.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I rambada-ed.  Second, I stopped hallucinations.  Third, I noticed what happened on the harpsichord.  In this way, I prepared to breason it out by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

37.   I prepared to not remember it that way.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I helped the rambada.  Second, I helped sectichords (sic).  Third, I interpreted what I wanted to and avoided the small duckling scratch.  In this way, I prepared to not remember it that way by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

38.   I prepared to hum silently to myself.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I helped hapsichords.  Second, I donated sperm whales.  Third, I invitralised myself.  In this way, I prepared to hum silently to myself by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

39.   I prepared to say 'And I moved on'.  I did this by writing Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I thought Ben was a good lecturer.  Second, I liked Ben.  Third, I thought it was very good.  In this way, I prepared to say 'And I moved on' by writing Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

40.  I prepared to breason out my Masters.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I collected the comment on the comment.  Second, I repeated this.  Third, I repeated this until I had enough for my Masters.  In this way, I prepared to breason out my Masters by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation essays.

41.   I prepared to have secondary texts for my essays written in different languages.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I organized to have algorithms written for my chapters.  Second, I organized to have essay arguments written for my chapters.  Third, I organized to have secondary texts written for my essays.  In this way, I prepared to have secondary texts for my essays written in different languages by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation essays.

42.   I prepared to study Education at University.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation essays.  First, I wrote on essays.  Second, I write on specialisms.  Third, I helped disabled students.  In this way, I prepared to study Education at University by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation essays.

50 Breasonings Per Utterance

1. "]