["Green, L 2021, <i>Sutra 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Green Sutra 1 of 4


1. The Green sutra gives the meditator the quality of life he or she would like.  It includes a theme of medicine, which greatly builds confidence in the meditator, and helps prevent mental breakdowns.  An affirmation of better mental imagery is felt, as well as enhanced sense of faculties (and better exam performance), and the meditator feels the confidence to reach out and write and produce pedagogical arguments.


1a.     I prepared to relax in heaven (in fact, on earth).  I did this by meditating using the Green sutra (writing about Medicine).  First, I meditated on the first instance of the Green sutra (Medicine breasoning for the heart).  Second, I meditated on the second instance of the Green sutra (Medicine breasoning for the brain).  Third, I meditated on the third instance of the Green sutra (Medicine breasoning for the lungs).  In this way, I prepared to relax in heaven (in fact, on earth) by meditating using the Green sutra (writing about Medicine).

2.    I prepared to teach philosophy.  I did this by stating that the Green sutra (philosophy) led to pedagogy.  First, I wanted to study pedagogy, where studying philosophy (Computational English) was a prerequisite of studying pedagogy.  Second, I studied philosophy (Computational English).  Third, I studied pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to teach philosophy by stating that the Green sutra (philosophy) led to pedagogy.

3.     I prepared to write the medical knowledge in pedagogy, from trial and error in pedagogy and from meditations (philosophies).  I did this by enunciating that the Green sutra (philosophy) led to medicine.  First, I wrote down the medical knowledge in the philosophy.  Second, I wrote the list of diagnoses.  Third, I wrote the list of treatments.  In this way, I prepared to write the medical knowledge in pedagogy, from trial and error in pedagogy and from meditations (philosophies) by enunciating that the Green sutra (philosophy) led to medicine.

4.    I prepared to increase life to heaven (bliss) for many people.  I did this by campaigning for meditation (philosophy) in politics.  First, I trialed meditation (philosophy).  Second, I collected the advantages of meditation (philosophy) to people's personal and professional lives.  Third, I suggested that meditation (philosophy) and yoga (stretches) should be taught in schools in politics.  In this way, I prepared to increase life to heaven (bliss) for many people by campaigning for meditation (philosophy) in politics.

5.    I prepared to plan my day.  I did this by observing the meditation teacher writing 250 breasonings on my psychology of meditation during my day.  First, I wrote that the sutra character's appearance was positive.  Second, I wrote that my feelings changed with my needs at various hours in the day.  Third, I wrote that all my questions were answered during the day.  In this way, I prepared to plan my day by observing the meditation teacher writing 250 breasonings on my psychology of meditation during my day.

6.    I prepared to comment on the ontologies.  I did this by watching the meditation student write a meditation major for accreditation.  First, I watched him write a subject about the helper character.  Second, I watched him write a subject about ontologised personal life.  Third, I watched him write a subject about ontologised professional life.  In this way, I prepared to comment on the ontologies by watching the meditation student write a meditation major for accreditation.

7.    I prepared to be safe while I was a good leader.  I did this by watching the meditation student write 50 As for accreditation.  First, I observed him write a subject about dotting each person on in a main way.  Second, I observed him write a subject about filling one's head and appearances from work.  Third, I observed him write a subject about keeping rowdy characters occupied.  In this way, I prepared to be safe while I was a good leader by watching the meditation student write 50 As for accreditation.

8.    I prepared to stop the feeling of pain by stopping the assembly configuration.  I did this by watching the meditation student carry the meditating relative forward in no way.  First, I watched the meditation student teach her relative meditation.  Second, I watched the relative meditate.  Third, I determined that the relative was not dependent on the meditation student.  In this way, I prepared to stop the feeling of pain by stopping the assembly configuration by watching the meditation student carry the meditating relative forward in no way.

9.     I prepared to prevent a crisis in the natural cycle, by preventing unreliability in the natural object, preventing the stone from being moved into my frequented way.  I did this by connecting the breasoning and rhizome to form a reason.  First, I wrote the breasoning, 'I connected the breasoning and rhizome to form a reason'.  Second, I wrote the rhizome, 'The reason contained a breasoning as an example of the rhizome'.  Third, I wrote the reason as a connection between these, 'The reason contained a breasoning as an example of the rhizome where I noticed the breasoning and rhizome formed a yin-yang relationship in the reason, i.e. either one could act as the reason to verify their relationship'.  In this way, I prepared to prevent a crisis in the natural cycle, by preventing unreliability in the natural object, preventing the stone from being moved into my frequented way by connecting the breasoning and rhizome to form a reason.

10.   I prepared to ensure the reasons in an argument were in the right place.  I did this by structuring my argument in a hierarchy.  First, I ordered the breasonings from largest to smallest, and placed them in a hierarchy.  Second, I ordered the rhizomes the largest to smallest, and placed them in a hierarchy.  Third, I matched the rhizomes with the breasonings in their positions.  In this way, I prepared to ensure the reasons in an argument were in the right place by structuring my argument in a hierarchy.

"]