["Green, L 2021, <i>Yellow God 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Yellow God 4 of 4

31. I prepared to examine the dynamics of the group of people.  I did this by acting out the algorithm.  First, I acted out the breasoned predicate name.  Second, I acted out each of the breasoned arguments.  Third, I acted out each of the breasoned commands the predicate called.  In this way, I prepared to examine the dynamics of the group of people by acting out the algorithm.

32. I prepared to work at a fast rate.  I did this by measuring the time of the cognitive processing of programming the algorithm in my mind.  First, I timed lifting my finger.  Second, I timed pressing the button.  Third, I prepared for the next keystroke.  In this way, I prepared to work at a fast rate by measuring the time of the cognitive processing of programming the algorithm in my mind.

33. I prepared to compute the number of fruits, subtracting the number of damaged fruit, only for that day.  I did this by writing the small idea.  First, I wrote the name of the object.  Second, I wrote its breasonings (X, Y and Z dimensions).  Third, I repeated this for each object in the small idea.  In this way, I prepared to compute the number of fruits, subtracting the number of damaged fruit, only for that day by writing the small idea.

34. I prepared to emulate a PhD.  I did this by writing the soundtrack.  First, I read the script, like the literature review.  Second, I wrote the song titles, like the questions.  Third, I wrote the lyrics, like the hypotheses.  In this way, I prepared to emulate a PhD by writing the soundtrack.

35. I prepared to write the essay plan literature review, etc.  I did this by writing the breasonings for the argument.  First, I wrote the student's argument plan literature review, connecting the items together.  Second, planned the algorithm as an answer to the question of the argument.  Third, I wrote the breasoning as a substitute for the hypothesised breasoning for the argument.  In this way, I prepared to write the essay plan literature review, etc. by writing the breasonings for the argument.

36. I prepared to support the universe to support the student.  I did this by becoming a writer.  First, I read.  Second, I wrote.  Third, I wrote enough.  In this way, I prepared to support the universe to support the student by becoming a writer.

37. I prepared to earn a high paying job.  I did this by avoiding excess physical labour.  First, I invested in all areas for myself.  Second, I thought clearly.  Third, I received income.  In this way, I prepared to earn a high paying job by avoiding excess physical labour.

38. I prepared to study medicine before seeing the 250 breasonings as having the same quality imagery as 50 As, the standard for an area of study.  I did this by completing the chapter's 250 breasonings.  First, I wrote 250 breasonings.  Second, I spiritually helped the students avoid looking at the breasonings in case they were distracting.  Third, I set the area of study as assessment.  In this way, I prepared to study medicine before seeing the 250 breasonings as having the same quality imagery as 50 As, the standard for an area of study by completing the chapter's 250 breasonings.

39. I prepared to take spiritual anti-hallucinogenic medication.  I did this by stating that 250 breasonings contained high quality imagery.  First, I wrote the philosophy.  Second, I determined that the philosophy was expressed by a high quality image.  Third, I represented this for the student.  In this way, I prepared to take spiritual anti-hallucinogenic medication by stating that 250 breasonings contained high quality imagery.

40. I prepared to set 50 As as the entrance requirement for another employee.  I did this by stating that 250 breasonings satisfied standards for an area of study.  First, I wrote the 250 breasonings.  Second, I wrote the perspective they were perfectly written as originating from.  Third, I was given 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to set 50 As as the entrance requirement for another employee by stating that 250 breasonings satisfied standards for an area of study.

41. I prepared to state that breasonings were a cosmological answer, in the form of computer program data, to a question.  I did this by stating that the breasoner breasoned out his first breasoning.  First, the breasoner breasoned out the X dimension of the breasoning.  Second, the breasoner breasoned out the Y dimension of the breasoning.  Third, the breasoner breasoned out the Z dimension of the breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to state that breasonings were a cosmological answer, in the form of computer program data, to a question by stating that the breasoner breasoned out his first breasoning.

42. I prepared to study the music theory.  I did this by being taught by the trainer of singing.  First, I observed her conduct the orchestra during the overture.  Second, I observed her bring in the choir.  Third, I observed the choir make their entrance.  In this way, I prepared to study the music theory by being taught by the trainer of singing.

"]