["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to relish my lunch from 3:00 PM-3:30 PM, when the sun was low in the sky.  I did this by eating the tomato sandwich.  First, I looked into my paper bag.  Second, I unwrapped the sandwich.  Third, I savoured (ate) it.  In this way, I prepared to relish my lunch from 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM, by eating the tomato sandwich.

22.   The child prepared to have fun at different times from during the 10:00 AM - 2 PM period.  He did this by sliding down the slide backwards.  First, he climbed up the slide.  Second, he turned over.  Third, he released the sides of the slide when at the top of the slide to slide down the slide backwards.  In this way, the child prepared to have fun by sliding down the slide backwards.

23.   I prepared to participate in the community recreation from 8:00 AM - 10:00 AM, when the sun was not so high in the sky.  I did this by running in the scheduled run.  First, I got dressed in running clothes.  Second, I walked to the starting line.  Third, I jogged along the course.  In this way, I prepared to participate in the community recreation by running in the scheduled run.

24.   The designer prepared to organise a feast.  He did this by designing a shaded area in the community garden.  First, he designed four vertical beams at one end of the garden.  Second, he designed a pergola above the beams.  Third, he designed a hermaphroditic (fruiting) grape vine at the base of each of the posts.  In this way, the designer prepared to organise a feast by designing a shaded area in the community garden.

25.  The boy prepared to watch the regatta.  He did this by holding a sunshade.  First, he pulled the ring off the closed sunshade.  Second, he unfolded the sunshade.  Third, he held it above his head.  In this way, he prepared to watch the regatta by holding a sunshade.

26.   The student prepared to conduct an excursion.  She did this by applying the zinc cream to her lips.  First, she uncapped the zinc cream.  Second, she applied it to her finger.  Third, she applied the zinc cream on her finger to her lips.  In this way, she prepared to conduct an excursion by applying the zinc cream to her lips.

27.   I prepared to weave the fabric.  I did this by verifying that the fabric had a Ultraviolet Protection Factor (UPF) of 50+.  First, I found the label of the shirt on the back-inner edge of the neck.  Second, I read the label.  Third, I verified that the UPF matched my requirement of 50+.  In this way, I prepared to weave the fabric by verifying that the fabric had a Ultraviolet Protection Factor (UPF) of 50+.

28.   I prepared to avoid reflecting UV light onto my skin.  I did this by choosing a dark coloured school uniform fabric.  First, I placed the dark coloured fabrics on the left side.  Second, I placed the light coloured fabrics on the right side.  Third, I chose the dark coloured fabrics to make the school bag from.  In this way, I prepared to avoid reflecting UV light onto my skin by choosing a dark coloured school uniform fabric.

29.   I prepared to verify the sunscreen's sun protection factor (SPF).  I did this by verifying that it had a SPF of 30+.  First, I read the front of the sunscreen bottle.  Second, I read it's SPF number.  Third, I verifying that it had good sun protection because of having SPF 30+.  In this way, I prepared to verify the sunscreen's SPF by verifying that it had a SPF of 30+.

30.   I prepared to be protected in the infra-red (heated) environment.  I did this by checking that the sunscreen protected my skin from broad spectrum (including infra-red) radiation.  First, I read that I needed a sunscreen with broad spectrum protection Second, I looked at the label of the sunscreen.  Third, I read whether it gave broad spectrum protection.  In this way, I prepared to be protected in the infra-red (heated) environment by checking that the sunscreen protected my skin from broad spectrum (including infra-red) radiation.

"]