["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Moving Appearances 3 of 4

21. I prepared to say a prayer to have cloudy mucous in meditation.  I did this by eating the brazil nut.  First, I bit the brazil nut.  Second, I chewed it.  Third, I looked at the chewed nut.  In this way, I prepared to say a prayer to have cloudy mucous in meditation by eating the brazil nut.

22. I visited people's houses with a security guard to teach meditation.  I did this by generously giving my time to the church.  First, I walked to the first house.  Second, I worked out how to go to the next house.  Third, I continued doing this until I had visited each house in the list.  In this way, I visited people's houses with a security guard to teach meditation by generously giving my time to the church.

23. I prepared to disseminate the atom.  I did this by swallowing the cream whole.  First, I stuck a chopstick through the cream in my mouth before swallowing it.  Second, I stuck a skewer through the cream in my mouth before swallowing it.  Third, I stuck a small skewer through the cream in my mouth before swallowing it.  In this way, I prepared to disseminate the atom by swallowing the cream whole.

24. I prepared to disseminate the electron.  I did this by cleaning the shoe top to bottom and front to back.  First, I cleaned from left to right of the front top of the shoe.  Second, I cleaned from front to back of the top of the shoe.  Third, I cleaned from the top to bottom of the shoe.  In this way, I prepared to disseminate the electron by cleaning the shoe top to bottom and front to back.

25. I prepared to fire particles through the subatomic bond.  I did this by cleaning the utensil, in other words, the fork.  First, I cleaned the fork in the water.  Second, I cleaned the fork with an absorbent dish cloth.  Third, I dried the fork with a dry dish cloth.  In this way, I prepared to fire particles through the subatomic bond by cleaning the utensil.

26. I prepared to be safe at the pop concert.  I did this by reading at home.  First, I selected the first book on my pile of books.  Second, I opened the book at the first page.  Third, I read each page until the end of the book.  In this way, I prepared to be safe at the pop concert by reading at home.

27. I prepared to write on input and output into and out of a didgeridoo respectively.  I did this by deciding who would write on each half of a text in a pair of people.  First, I scanned each half of the text.  Second, I delegated writing on the first half of the text to the person who preferred it.  Third, I delegated writing on the second half of the text to the person who preferred it.  In this way, I prepared to write on input and output into and out of a didgeridoo respectively by deciding who would write on each half of a text in a pair of people. 

28. I prepared to clear away parts of the nucleus from being in the system being modeled.  I did this by wetting a cloth and cleaning the child's face.  First, I wet the cloth under the tap.  Second, I touched the child's face with the cloth.  Third, I cleaned the child's face with the cloth.  In this way, I prepared to clear away parts of the nucleus from being in the system being modeled by wetting a cloth and cleaning the child's face.

29. I prepared to verify the colour of pigment subatomic particles in the gas.  I did this by telling my friend where there was a good deal.  First, I looked at the object.  Second, I looked at the object's price tag.  Third, I told my friend about the good deal, in other words, low price for the object.  In this way, I prepared to verify the colour of pigment subatomic particles in the gas by telling my friend where there was a good deal.

30. I prepared to verify that I knew the quantum electron's properties.  I did this by accepting a ticket from my friend when I was available.  First, I checked when I was free.  Second, I accepted the ticket for this time.  Third, I attended the concert at this time.

"]