["Green, L 2021, <i>Meditation Teacher Sutra 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Meditation Teacher Sutra 1 of 4


1.The meditation teacher should have studied a meditation course taught by Maharishi, and offer meditation classes, i.e. teach the meditation techniques.   Also, he or she may teach in person, and offer yoga and a variety of other related classes, i.e. cooking, medicine and pedagogy and philosophy.


1a.     I prepared to verify my schedule.  I did this by getting up when the bell rang.  First, I lay in bed.  Second, I waited until the bell rang.  Third, I pulled the blanket off.  In this way, I prepared to verify my schedule by getting up when the bell rang.

2.    I prepared to win the point.  I did this by hitting the shuttlecock in the air.  First, I aimed the badminton bat in a particular direction.  Second, I threw the shuttlecock in the air.  Third, I hit the shuttlecock in that direction.  In this way, I prepared to win the point by hitting the shuttlecock in the air.

3.     I prepared to weigh the weights.  I did this by lifting the weight onto the scales.  First, I touched the weight.  Second, I gripped the weight.  Third, I lifted it onto the scales.  In this way, I prepared to weigh the weights by lifting the weight onto the scales.

4.    I prepared to select the most healthy egg and sperm.  I did this by eating the strawberry that had cream on it.  First, I looked at the strawberries.  Second, I looked at the strawberries with cream on them.  Third, I selected a strawberry with cream on it and placed it in my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to select the most healthy egg and sperm by eating the strawberry that had cream on it.

5.    Elvira prepared to participate in a field trip.  She did this by flying a kite.  First, she ran with the kite.  Second, she let the wind lift the kite into the sky.  Third, she flew the kite in the sky.  In this way, she prepared to participate in a field trip by flying a kite.

6.    I prepared to ask the jackdaw to speak.  I did this by patting the jackdaw.  First, I walked to the jackdaw.  Second, I placed my hand above the jackdaw.  Third, I patted the jackdaw.  In this way, I prepared to ask the jackdaw to speak by patting the jackdaw.

7.    I prepared to the meditation centre.  I did this by staying close to the safe people.  First, I identified that the people I was with were safe.  Second, I stayed with the people.  Third, I was close to the people.  In this way, I prepared to the meditation centre by staying close to the safe people.

8.    I prepared to keep the positive gifts.  I did this by differentiating between apples and oranges.  First, I looked at the apple.  Second, I looked at the orange.  Third, I found differences between them.  In this way, I prepared to keep the positive gifts by differentiating between apples and oranges.

9.     My audience prepared to experience heaven on earth.  I did this by plucking the harp string.  First, I sat at the harp.  Second, I positioned my finger next to the string.  Third, I plucked the C string.  In this way, my audience prepared to experience heaven on earth by plucking the harp string.

10.   The psychiatrist prepared to help the patient.  He did this by writing the while command.  First, he typed 'while'.  Second, he typed 'true'.  Third, he ran the command until the user had entered input.  In this way, he psychiatrist prepared to help the patient by writing the while command.

"]