["Green, L 2021, <i>50 Breasonings Per Utterance 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
50 Breasonings Per Utterance 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to love mummy very much.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I observed that pop stars were protected.  Second, I observed the actors were protected.  Third, I sold the Irish wigwams.  In this way, I prepared to love mummy very much by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation blog.

12.   I prepared to ask what 50 breasonings per second.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I loved the Kings.  Second, I adored French fries.  Third, I ate them.  In this way, I prepared to ask what 50 breasonings per second by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

13.    I prepared to read the vertical screen.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I lay sexily in bed writing all day.  Second, I went to University.  Third, I enjoyed the air-conditioned comfort.  In this way, I prepared to read the vertical screen by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

14.   I prepared to love Xochi.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I noticed the duck attending to Adrian.  Second, I took care of the duck.  Third, I noticed it was insentient.  In this way, I prepared to love Xochi by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

15.   I prepared to say it would be all right for Xochi whatever happens.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I loved Teo.  Second, I loved Antonia.  Third, I loved Fernando.  In this way, I prepared to say it would be all right for Xochi whatever happens by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

16.   I prepared to avoid work.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I was in an office.  Second, I was on the line.  Third, I completed work.  In this way, I prepared to avoid work by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

17.   I prepared to assess Honours in 10 departments.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation blog.  First, I wrote a new 'A' for each piece of assessment with a different date.  Second, I wrote a new 'A' for each piece of assessment which was part of a different chapter of an assignment.  Third, I gave the students everything they needed to earn H1.  In this way, I prepared to assess Honours in 10 departments by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation blog.

18.   I prepared to etch into gravel.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I continue writing for Masters and PhD programs.  Second, I determined that the people must write on it (in tenure and research).  Third, I gave the nice thoughts to the students as well as to the professors.  In this way, I prepared to etch into gravel by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

19.    I prepared to recommend meditation to Mark R. as well.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I found a meditation University program for Mark C.  Second, I found a medicine University program for Mark C.  Third, I loved bis.  In this way, I prepared to recommend meditation to Mark R. as well by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

20.  I prepared to be like Plato, in that I preferred not to participate in University philosophy.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I wrote I distanced myself from it.  Second, I said I was not it.  Third, I knew it.  In this way, I prepared to be like Plato, in that I preferred not to participate in University philosophy by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

"]