Immortality 8

1.  I found a bug in which code isn't in a separate predicate.  Unlike Immortality 7, paragraph 80, I found a single predicate with reused code from another predicate.  I moved the reused code into a new predicate with an appropriate head and called this predicate from the other two predicates.  I also identified "manual recursion", i.e. a single predicate with a fixed number of recursions, and changed it to multiple predicates.  Also, I determined that findall within the initial predicate could be moved to a new predicate with recursion if recurring variables were required.
2.  I allowed the assumption when the student had understood it when interpreting the student's thoughts to help them write algorithms, an example of a big algorithm represented by an essay.  I found algorithms that were combinations of all ideas in an article.  As part of this, I found the best synthesis of the ideas. Next, I ordered the objects within objects. Finally, I wrote short stories connecting the ideas represented by the objects.

3.  I wrote algorithms to connect sentences, paraphrase and simplify each step towards a longer algorithm to one or two predicates.  I gave an error on [1,"|",2,3] but not on [1,"|",[2,3]] because a list tail couldn't have two variables.  I also chose to write longer algorithms with artificial intelligence.  Separately, I wrote different predicates to put and get unified variables and simplify lists.  I simplified [1,"|",[2,3]] to [1,2,3].
4.  I connected (simplified) predicates from the sentence, possibly generating, selecting and saving names and data for a predicate.  I wrote predicates with single functions, using retry to write the string to list algorithm.  I found the elements of an algorithm, separating them into different predicates if possible and possibly simplifying them.  I considered running one after another and reusing them.  I used the skip command to test a predicate and the retry command to help edit it if it failed.
5.  I noticed the employees, students and customers returned.  I wrote each predicate, for example, an interpreter in one or two predicates.  For instance, I added 1+1.  I kept on adding numbers to the total.  Finally, I wrote a trace predicate.
6.  I deleted obsolete states in the algorithm.  At first, I wrote the database of predicates for philosophical or business purposes.  Using this, I could support other employees.  I could impress employers and head staff.  As part of this, I minimised a set of algorithms.
7.  I predicted a sentence's predicate.  I did this by finding the algorithm for the logical data structure in the sentence.  For example, I inverted an algorithm.  Then, I wrote a short sentence describing the function name and data.  I could identify these later. Finally, I found the predicate from synonyms for the sentence or the function name.
8.  Ontologies may be syno-specifications (with memorable sentences and uses with data).  As part of this, I wrote ontologies connecting possible sentences to predicates. As a first step, I entered the sentence's predicate. Then, I entered words from the sentence associated with inputted words.  Later, I could find the predicate from these inputted words.
9.  The student entered the shorter algorithm to demonstrate her understanding.  I was free to determine how much work I did.  I could write new algorithms when necessary.  I could work when I wanted to.  I found the algorithms from longer algorithms.
10.  I mind read the predicate.  As part of this, I started with the list of possible predicates. Then, I broke these predicates into decomposition, transformation and the list building parts.  Next, I mind read different possibilities at each point. Finally, I checked the link from the sentence to the algorithm.
11.  I perfectly programmed the essay.  I did this by mind-reading the sentence.  Then, I split the sentence into grammatical parts. Next, I converted it to logic (methodical and data structures). Finally, I found the sentence for the predicate.
12.  Mind reading, decision tree mind reading in particular, suggested thoughts to students.  I mind read the student thinking of a predicate using a decision tree, helping them deserve details (or enough for part of an A).  I grouped them by command and variable in the decision tree.  Using the decision tree with the mind reader gave more considered results.  Mind reader detected a thought from an options list if the user took less time to think of a breasoning, the x, y and z dimensions of an object, using meditation.
13.  Learning the algorithm names became like learning keys, saving time.  Regularly writing predicates helped me write efficiently.  I wrote list processing in the predicate head.  I could invert the predicate also using cut.  I worked out the predicate or identified its input and output and found its name.
14.  CAW could work with the program finder with types to narrow down commands. For example, I used CAW to check I had optimised predicates.  I also stored predicate names and variables as a,b,c, etc.  If there were up to four commands, I verified that the predicate was optimised using CAW.  CAW sorted and found the commands in the same order each time.
15.  I inserted a command that called other commands.  I used the program finder with types to check I had optimised predicates.  I found the list within the string.  I found a string within this list.  I repeated this.
16.  I used and deleted unused functional commands.  I used the user interface to write the predicate.  I found a.b and c.b rather than (a,c).b.  However, I could use other brackets and save results.  I could press tab to expand or contract commands, with dynamic results.
17.  I also used the graphical user interface to write the predicate.  I typed the predicate one character at a time.  I could construct input and output while I typed.  The input and output helped predict the code.  I could indicate input and output with specific uses, with some prioritised based on the sentence.
18.  I converted back to an algorithm with documentation about the uses of predicates in the program. First, I chose the shortest predicates from my algorithms and converted them from names to descriptions. Next, I increased or decreased algorithms to predicates. Finally, I removed unnecessary predicates, minimising the algorithm's state machine.

19.  I stored the logical structural parameters in a text file.  I wrote the logical structure of List Prolog Interpreter (LPI) (not, or, if-then) with functionalism.  I did this by writing the command names.  I also wrote the logical relation. Finally, I checked that the relevant commands had returned true.
20. I inverted a.b (=b^-1.a^-1) and explained a.(b.c) (=a.b.c). I made LPI more complex with more features.  I listed original features.  I listed the ISO features.  I listed features of other programming languages and inductive algorithms.
21.  I instantiated values to find before, not after searches, for example, searching in strings.  I simplified the features of LPI.  I used invertible functions to save time.  I used the function once without inverting it straight away.  Simplifying constraint-finding algorithms was critical, for example member(A,[1,2,3]) and member(B,[1,2,3]), etc. A=1,B=1 can be simplified to A=3,B=3,member(A,[1,2,3]),member(B,[1,2,3]) (much faster) even deleted.
22.  I passed the ball back to the facilitator when I could run the command.  In multi-threading, I ran the concurrent processes with mutexes (code that stops a piece of code from being run at the same time twice).  When multi-threading, I wrapped each predicate call or command in a mutex.  I couldn't run these parts concurrently and waited until one had finished before running it.  I tried running commands one at a time, waiting to run commands when they were non-mutexed.
23.  I mutex-unlocked the command when it had finished.  Prolog mutexes are recursive, meaning the algorithm must remove multiple mutex layers added with recursion before another thread can access the resource.  They also wrapped any command, such as findall, not or if-then.  If a command was mutex locked, it couldn't run.  The interpreter stored mutex locking in the heap (where the globals are), and threads have their stacks.  Each predicate ID had a mutex lock status.
24.  I stored stacks for local (current predicate) and global choice points and new ones for the call command, in addition to thread stacks.  I made a copy of the stack for each thread and used the same heap (predicates, globals, etc.).  In SSI, each frame of the interpreter (for example, running a command or exiting a predicate) of each thread ran one at a time.  I could collect SLG tabling data with mutexes, saving time by using past results of previously run predicates.  A command with an SLG tabling entry didn't need to I run or mutex locked.
25.  I wrote an algorithm that simulated multi-threading that ran one command of each list at a time, which took longer than usual because it ran an interpreter.  Aside from this, I made copies of stacks for threads. Then, when I created a new thread, I copied the stacks to a new set of stacks.  I used these to run the commands in the thread until they exited.  Then, the interpreter merged the stacks and updated the variables.
26.  I considered using a computer with multiple processors.  Also, multi-threading with copies of the stack helped performance.  For example, I tried text to breasoning with multi-threading.  I also tried mind reading with multi-threading. Finally, I tested for better performance with multi-threading, more threads and more processors.
27.  I questioned multi-threading with one processor or one computer.  I used a server with more CPUs or processors.  Multi-threading improved results on this machine.  I agreed with adumbrations while working on solutions during my life.  I did all the thinking while the computer found solutions using brute-force algorithms.
28.  Multi-threading improved performance in operating systems.  I could multi-task (run different applications at the same time).  I chose to be well-known by writing some algorithms using neural networks.  I could do things in terms of my life.  I could save time and spend time doing other things.
28.  I gave SLG tabling as the reason for mutexes.  Mutexes were necessary with immutability separately because mutexes protected the same resources with changing references from being reused.   Immutability only allowed one value per variable.  A mutexed command only allowed one processor to run it at a time.  In this way, they were unrelated.
29.  Multi-threading in Prolog used C to handle memory, where Prolog ran one command at a time on each thread.  Prolog lined up the threads.  The interpreter ran the current command of each thread.  If a thread mutexed a command, the other threads couldn't run it until it had become unmutexed.  If it didn't matter which predicate finished first, they could be multi-threaded.  A command which possibly didn't count could be multi-threaded.
30.  Multi-threading possibly took the same time to run as without, but some parts finished earlier, speeding up performance.  Mutexes sped up performance when the interpreter ran the same command.  An advanced algorithm chose to run threads that solved bottlenecks first.  This algorithm considered the likely length of a recursive command when selecting the order of threads.
31.  I considered using the fastest algorithms.  I cancelled a thread that was taking too long.  I timed parts of the thread.  If it took too long, or the useful results had been found, I cancelled it.   I could reorder parts of or cancel threads that caused bottlenecks.
32.  Once one algorithm had finished, the next was run, with opportunities to pause or recontinue at different points. First, I manually queued algorithms on parallel processors. Then, I connected computers to a server.  These computers downloaded files to process.  They uploaded the results.
33.  The prediction thread ran in the background while another thread waited for input.  I ran commands while the user was inputting data, giving predictions.  The user entered the start of a sentence or algorithm.  The algorithm predicted and offered possible endings.  It used a program finder with types (which could find conditions such as pipes ("|") for wrapping in brackets, etc.), Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) (which recognised indices, need for reused translators or paraphrasers) or a neural network.
34.  I viewed the results of the algorithm.  I ran commands on the server while a web page presented live updates.  The results of the legs of threads affected the next leg of threads.  Threads were created or destroyed based on previous data.  A monitor displayed current and past threads and results.

35. I found conditions in terms of variables with previous algorithms.  I wrote the whole interpreter with program finder.  I found the required algorithms with program finder.  I matched the mathematical specifications for the interpreter (e.g. a_i,...,a_n-><sorted, increasing list>) and matched them with mathematical specification from the required algorithms (sorted was described using an algorithm, and identified using run all when there were numbers that didn't fit another pattern).  I tested for conditions based on the small number of variables.
36. * finds maths spec levels within data
37. * finds as much as possible with pft
38. * finds rest of code (unknown conn to code from maths spec) with nn
39. * adds finished code found with nn to db x find with nn each time
40. * check seemingly to simple code might be enough
41. * aim to identify obsolete code (solved with lazy evaluation)
42. * a1-n -> an-1 for reverse with pft
43. * saves many pft algs
44. * references saved algs with maths specs
45. * combines algs in pft to find new algs eg reverse, string concat
46. * adds to db, uses with maths specs
47. * better search algs (quantum, 
48. * neural, 
49. * quantum neural)
50. * find wanted algs eg using lists of lists as variable data
51. * make undefined variables instead of empty values back compatible with non equals4 mode
 


