Immortality 9

1.  I removed unnecessary levels of calls.  I found a:-b.  b:-c.  c.  I simplified this to a:-c.  c.  Before this, I simplified predicates to check whether they were the same by translating them.  They could be in another programming language.  Or they could be in another spoken language.
2.  I also removed unnecessary variables with the same surroundings.  I worked out and recorded removing the unnecessary variable from the state machine.  If the predicates were the same, I could delete the unnecessary variables.  They were names earlier in the predicate but were unused.  I only kept the only variables that I used.

3.  I assimilated and named the same algorithms, using nomenclature such as breasoning.  I did this by finding syno-functional algorithms.  These algorithms could multiply.  They could also paraphrase.  Or, they could induct.
4.  I discovered pedagogical thresholds.  Separately, I recorded the history of induction.  I did this by writing specifications for the scale of induction projects.  They got bigger.  I explained simulation algorithms from neural networks.
5.  I cognitively ordered the commands intuitively.  I grouped the algorithms by function.  I mind-mapped functions within other parts, etc.  I found how algorithms fit inside others complexly.  Finally, I fitted general language to specific arguments.
6.  I found better tools and conclusions with self, other and computational knowledge.  Before this, I ordered the predicates by output priority. Then, I questioned how vital the output was. Then, I asked whether algorithms would lead to different algorithms. Finally, I predicted the trajectory of the production with time.
7.  I aimed for large and small to be thought of clearly.   I used findall to keep one of a set of outputs in order.  In this, the first level of predicates produced a set of production.  The second level of predicates created one of these sets using findall.  I prepared for 100% correctness.
8.  I found the target and method of output. Third, I used dynamic argument ordering. Third, I reprogrammed the algorithm after splitting predicates into those with individual functions, which I could run one after another rather than complexly together. Fourth, I edited out superfluous arguments. Finally, I found the profession of writing.
9.  I used static XML argument ordering.  I did this by ordering the arguments alphabetically.  I also ordered the arguments at compilation time.  Reordering the arguments helped cognitively.  I noted the reused predicates. 
10.  I found a line of algorithms.  I repeated induction techniques using neural networks.  I split off other functions from predicates.  I over-split and then came back to needed combinations.  I kept the data and made simple models of more extended algorithms.
11.  I favoured simplicity and expansion.  I changed not(A), not(B) to not(AvB).  Also, I changed them back.  And I changed not(A) v not(B) to not(A^B).  I changed it back.

12.  I processed nested if-then clauses.  I worked out and recorded removing the tautology from the state machine.  For example, the tautology was true, or true->true.  I also simplified always failing parts to fail.  Finally, I simplified if-then clauses with true or false in the antecedent to the correct consequent.
13.  I inverted the modes of the predicate.  I ordered the predicates by usefulness. Then, I redrafted the predicate until it was simple. Fourth, I counted how many times I had used it.  Finally, I ordered the list of predicates by the number of uses.
14.  I recorded the history of bots.  I did this by preparing to create the bots.  I did this as part of my company.  Separately, I holidayed interstellar.  I holidayed intergalactically.
15.  I checked for an algorithm's relevance at the research frontier.  I started by ordering the predicates by importance.  First, I tested whether the predicate broke the border. Next, I cited whether I reused the predicate. Finally, I ranked the predicate by intelligence.
16.  I generated the test case from the type statement and wrote #+ to change the mode of arithmetic plus.  Separately, I found all test cases rather than running each one at a time.  I used findall to collect the test cases.  There were no total or test numbers to refer to necessarily.  I ran them, reusing libraries.
17.  I recorded Prolog command translations in Portuguese, Lithuanian, etc.  I did this to simplify spoken translation with algorithms.  First, I translated commands, n, v and Prolog symbols.  As part of this, I left data and names.  I referred to an element once.
18.  I only used simplify when necessary.  I modified equals4 to simplify by itself (fail when two or more items are in the tail).  I modified equals4.  I removed simplify from equals4.  If I located two or more items after "|" (in the tail), equals4 failed.
19.  I aimed to delete equals4(B, A).  I tested whether I needed the mirror of equals4(A, B).  I first wrote equals4 to try either (A, B) or (B, A).  The new version of equals4 deprecated this.  The old version treated the order differently.
20.  I supported nested lists.  I added support for "|" (pipe) to equals4_first_args.  I based it on equals4.  If there was a "|" in one or both lists, it affected how the interpreter processed the other list.  For example, [1,2,3]=[1,"|",[2,3]].
21.  I found unused predicates in e4_fa_get_vals.pl.  I converted the file to List Prolog.  I listed called predicates.  I wrote the names of any unused predicates in the file.  I deleted them.
22.  I added support for local and global stacks to State Saving Interpreter (SSI) by archiving and loading when a new predicate started.  At the start, I didn't archive the local stack to the global stack or load the local stack.  I did this when I started a new predicate at other times.  I also did it when I reloaded an old predicate.  I archived and loaded on changing the current predicate ID.
23.  I ran the multithreading command in C, with copies of the stacks and support for mutexes on global variables.  I added support for multithreading to SSI by using C's support for multithreading.  Multithreading duplicated stacks for each thread.  It supported creating mutexes for shared global resources (for example, asserted variables), not predicates. Next, I checked how many CPUs my smartphone had.
24.  I accepted input at the start and outputted the results at the end.  If one goal fails or throws an exception in multithreading, only it stops.  The others keep on going.  It is possible to return an error when a thread stops.  Or the interpreter may return a failure.  I researched I/O in multithreading.
25.  If multiple goals fail or raise an error in multithreading, errors or failures are reported per thread.  I accepted this was possible in C.  I used it in Prolog.  I caught failures and responded to threads finishing.  I scheduled retrying a thread.
26.  I prepared to write an algorithm database with algorithm IDs.  I transferred most of my work to my laptop (8 CPUs) from my VPS (1 CPU).  I used my VPS for web work.  I used the VPS for work during the day.  I also used my smartphone's many CPUs by running SSI in C.
27.  I quickly breasoned out thoughts, literally thinking of nothingness.  I simplified Text to Breasonings to more quickly breason out by object.  I did this by finding objects for all the words in the text.  I grouped the objects.  I breasoned their breasonings (dimensions) out all together. 
28.  I used multithreading in Text to Breasonings.  I breasoned out one object per CPU.  Grouping objects in this way sped up breasoning.  I presented visualisations afterwards of the result.  The result was a summary algorithm.
29.  I used mind reading in Grammar Logic (which mind-mapped essays) for necessary details.  I started by using multithreading in Grammar Logic. First, I found seven reasons per sentence, each on one CPU. Next, I found a sentence's reasons per CPU if there were many CPUs. After that, I wondered about mind reading.
31.  I used multithreading in Mind Reading Combination Algorithm Writer (MRCAW).  I did this by mind-reading mind-mapped parts at the same time.  I could also transfer mutexed globals between threads.  I considered a brain implant for better quality mind reading and writing of my algorithms. However, I ended up using neural networks.
30.  I examined each part of the music composer algorithm to consider multithreading, for example, searches for chord progressions.  I used multithreading in Mind Reading Music Composer.  I found lyrics when I had determined the main characters in previous parts.  I found the starting notes of sections and found the melody and harmony at the same time.  I filled in instruments for different sections at the same time.
32.  Detailed mind reading was better, and I tested multithreading for better results.  I used multithreading in Detailed Mind Reading in Essay Helper.  I worked on the exposition and critique simultaneously.  I worked on different paragraphs simultaneously, making sentences as used.  I worked on connections simultaneously, mind-reading topical sentences.

33.  There was an Unsatisfactory Progress Committee to help students when they performed poorly.  I did this to support agreement and disagreement in the academy.  The student first agreed or disagreed with the essay topic.  They disagreed with causality.  They received a lower grade.
34.  The fail was borderline if there were a few unsure disagreements in the first half.  I supported success and failure in the academy.  I explained the marking system to the student.  They read the text and decided whether to agree in the first half.  If they disagreed in the first half, they failed.
35.  Business included conscious thoughts and solved problems.  It did this when supporting positive and negative terms in reasons.  As part of this, I identified possible negative or unusual positive thoughts.  Then, I protected people from them.  The thoughts prompted people's curiosity and thought.
36.  I changed the test cases to Prolog. Next, I changed v to vsys in List Prolog to use the string "v" in data.  I did this by writing vsys in the settings file. Next, I read vsys each time I ran List Prolog. Finally, I converted Prolog into List Prolog with vsys identifying variables.
37.  I used "n" in games in Prolog.  I changed n to nsys in List Prolog to use the string "n" in data.  I wrote nsys to identify the names of predicates.  The word "nsys" didn't appear in Prolog.  The Prolog to List Prolog converter inserted it.
38.  I changed the converter to support definite clause grammars.  I changed -> to --> in Prolog.  The longer array denoted definite clause grammars.  Their name meant they always had a predicate body.  I reserved -> for if-then clauses.
39.  When installing a language, I translated all the needed words at once to save the API quota.  I simplified language translation in List Prolog.  I detected whether there was a dictionary entry for the term.  If translating to long-form English, I changed underscores to spaces.  I only translated reserved words.
40.  I ran one frame at a time in multithreading.  I called each "thread" part of the Prolog thread.  I ran one frame (like a trace line) per thread, where the C code was in a separate function.  I accounted for mutexes around predicates and globals, running predicates or accessing globals only if the user unlocked their mutex.  I simplified SSI to have two SSI predicates.
41.  I controlled mutexes manually.  The algorithm contained a mutex wrapper.  With this wrapper, the algorithm couldn't run the same part of code with the mutex simultaneously in different threads.  The SSI state machine recorded the mutex number next to the code inside the mutex.  Mutexes behaved like the "once" command.  

42. * I simulated sales in the academy.  
43. * I marked the academy assignment.
44. * I simplified the sentence.
45. * I used text to algorithm to write a predicate about the key words in the sentence.
46. * I wrote a sentence in terms of language from the other sentence.
47. * I detected the student thinking about an argument.
48. * I increased the student's argument.
49. * I solved negativity to myself.
50. * In the vocational education version, the negative content (in fact, food) was done automatically.
51. * The difference between school and University was that University students' thoughts were mind-read.
52. * There was a hybrid vocational education/University system.
53. * Secondary schools had positive terms around a negative term.
54. * I hand wrote and interpreted 80 algorithms for sales and assignments.
55. * I wrote longer algorithm sequences for some assignments and sales.
