Immortality 12

1.  I found the best interpretation of a sentence as an algorithm for a particular use.  I worked out an algorithm from other sentences and an algorithm. For example, the first sentence had the first algorithm.  I worked out how the second sentence had the second algorithm from this relation.  For example, the first algorithm concatenated red strings and the second algorithm concatenated blue strings.
2.  I recommended writing functional algorithms as a mental exercise.  I wrote more extended algorithms.  I could write longer algorithms from the start or join other functional algorithms to form more extended algorithms.  I wrote longer algorithms initially, with the most extended algorithms being interpreters. Then, I added my algorithms to the interpreter.
3.  I critically held data and steps.  Earlier, I wrote an algorithm that simplified more extended algorithms to functional algorithms.  As part of this, I found horizontal and vertical data.  In this, the horizontal data had chains of clauses.  Also, the vertical data had chains of intermediate predicates.
4.  The two points connected in an algorithm were input and output.  For example, the inputs might be a bindings table and a variable name and the output might be a variable's value.  In equals4, I substituted values into the sides, then took out values on unification.  Triangular relationships such as this, the simplest practical algorithms, were desired.  Functionalism was a way of having clearer thinking.
5.  Performing only the necessary computations saved time and space.  I considered writing minimal functional algorithms by collecting data by type.  Rather than a series of transformations, I transformed a single data type.  I changed a single data type, leading to the generation of functional algorithms that prepared data for processing by taking out the necessary parts.  This pre-processing led to XML-style data labels.
6.  I wrote more extended algorithms, such as converters and ssi.c.  I wrote the SSI compiler in C.  This compiler helped compile machine instructions faster.  It was converted from Prolog to C, using a state machine to add C commands.  This state machine could dynamically optimise algorithms.  For example, if always being given 0 eradicated the need for an addition, I removed it.
7.  I completed the preparation for sales.  I wrote 4*50 As for sales.  These, combined with a customer network, enabled sales.  A Master of Business Administration (MBA) helped a customer network.  The MBA was optional, but its main area to support was sales.
8.  I wrote 4*50 As for bots.  These were highly trained bots, I laughed, ready to perform jobs.  They were more plentiful when there were good conditions.  Having more employees was possible when there was more business.  More business was likely with better technology (growth) and relevance.
9.  I organised accreditation for the school.  As part of this, I wrote the course and had it accredited.  I noted that this accreditation honed the medical effects of As.  It also aided imagery.  I could more easily aim for goals with students, i.e. 250 breasonings per product, which enabled 100%.
10. I graphically explained all the algorithms in the course, and the assessment was like a game.  This game was part of writing my business website.  To do this, I imagined a futuristic space console.  I conversed with the video character about the sale.  I made the sale.
11.  I collected data about Jyotish and 250 breasonings about bots' thoughts, and the best time to act.  I wrote the bot's thoughts and their aim to perform well. Then, I wrote the properties of each planet and checked how these affected this thought. Next, I mind-read myself to interpret the horoscope. Finally, I wrote 250 breasonings to guide and support the bot.
12.  The employees required qualifications above a level to teach that level, leading to PhDs.  At the start, I paid trial customers (students).  They tried and gave feedback on philosophy.  They were also satisfied by the computer science professor.  They found it easier to become a professor because of Computer Science.
13.  I wrote more specific essay topics (chapters), including ethics.  I started by writing many algorithms. First, I demonstrated how these algorithms worked in simulations. Then, I assessed the input and output of these algorithms in quizzes. Next, there were well-known questions testing understanding of the algorithms, and students memorised and ran them without a computer. Finally, the teacher tested them on algorithms (in a way, they wrote an interpreter without a computer).
14. I found like-minded people to help me achieve my goals.  I wrote philosophy simply with spiritual and computational, and relevant words.  Simple spiritual words allowed one's lifestyle to be simpler and were part of the institution's aim.  Computational terms simplified the ideas into logic, included miraculous science and were well-known representations of the author and his times.  The efficient version of the algorithm systems had relevant, original connections.
15.  I wrote ten details per sentence.  Both the details and sentences could contain spiritual or computational words.  I considered spiritual or computational terms when not directly used.  I wrote algorithms about the logic of spirituality, including quantum, breasoning and lifestyle-changing algorithms.  These were the unique selling proposition of the academy.
16.  I chose short and scenic links.  I wrote the seen-as-version of the idea.  In the end, I linked each idea to each department.  I connected each idea to each concept.  Sometimes these links contained more ideas, which I added on.
17.  I wrote to prompt comments and inspire imagination.  I did this by writing questions.  I prepared for these questions with possible answers.  I also imagined the possible conversation. For example, I wrote 4*50 As for quantum power, necessary for spacecraft.
18.  I wrote critical content to help check a sentence.  As part of this, I organised ideas into argument maps.  They stored their reused algorithms in one place.  I imagined pressing control-C interrupting a program and asking a student to imagine the ending.  For example, were the data and algorithm correct?
19.  I wrote solving content.  I wrote ideas about debugging and solving complex problems. For example, I shared the idea to start debugging a frame just before a problem in SSI, using List Prolog Interpreter's trace as a reference.  I suggested paying particular attention to commands expected to succeed failing in the interpreter.  I occasionally found problems with the algorithms or how the interpreter ran them.
20.  I encouraged finding 100 algorithms between ideas, for example, in a PhD.  I wrote connections between the concepts.  I actively encouraged students to understand the algorithms.  The links helped students understand the inner workings of the algorithms.  I found including the algorithms made finding connections more effortless and contributed to student research.
21.  I created and solved critical content as an exercise.  I reverted to critical content and helped with connective content as a player when the 5 As for details had run out.  I helped find the bug in an algorithm that connected two algorithms.  I found what the person wanted and gave it to them, as long as it was possible and reasonable.

22. I worked for myself, writing necessary algorithms.  I wrote an algorithm that took care of everyone's thoughts.  I came to work.  I made a comment.  I followed up with an algorithm.
23. I read the horoscope with prayers.  I chose algorithms to write using Jyotish.  Jyotish helped select auspicious work times.  I could tell when it was good to work on an algorithm.  I worked on algorithms, which didn't require other algorithms.
24. The work was finished, but had updates for others.  An argument should be long enough for an essay.  The argument should be long enough for a 4000 word essay.  The argument should be long enough for a thesis.  Also, the argument should be long enough for detailed, longer and further work.
25. I created tools to find unknown, often future-related knowledge.  I wrote thoughtful details about each thought.  I made priorities.  I made goals.  I stayed with my first priority.
26. I redrafted the work by simplifying it, and checking the connections and critical content, for example problems and solutions.  I rewrote and nourished the text with understanding of the topic.  I wrote and described the algorithm.  I checked the output.  I also wanted good methods.
27. I found the spiritual or computational algorithm and optimised it.  The spiritual algorithm was education.  Once I had completed it, I could forget it.  I refreshed it later.  The computational algorithm should be completed, then it was finished.
28. I wrote illustrative prose and algorithms.  I wrote the algorithm.  I considered the line representing it in terms of life.  I thought of more science if necessary.  Science of reasoning was entered into an algorithm to check for missing parts, mistakes or a replacement.
29. * alg that transforms words into words from the argument using mr for smoothing - to be done to sents 1,2 per para 
30. * (rest of sents transformed to nothingness terms eg self, other 
31. * 
32. * 
33. * 
34. * 
35. * 
36. * 
37. * 
38. * 
39. * 
40. * 
41. * 
42. * 
43. * 
44. * 
45. * 
46. * 
47. * 
48. * 
49. * 
50. * 
51. * 
52. * 
53. * 
54. * 
55. * 
56. * 
57. * 
58. * 
59. * 
60. * 
61. * 
62. * 
63. * 
64. * 
65. * 
66. * 
67. * 
68. * 
69. * 
70. * 
71. * 
72. * 
73. * 
74. * 
75. * 
76. * 
77. * 
78. * 
79. * 
80. * 


 - x replace same words as sent 1,2 in rest with nothingness versions of words from arg) nothingness words are "point", to be hand replaced with "event" x start with "event"
 - alg that find first relevant functional difference between sents (chooses a short phrase from each sent) with mr and conns them (with a fleshed-out eg x), then author rewrites orig sents
  - the sc and arg replacement sentences are written sent1 sent2 not word1 x word 2 x word3.
 - another alg that write 5*50 As of gl details per sent, conn - record of br n with date
 - publish essay formats separately from chapters
 - x don't do above, have an academy in which ideas are discussed
 
 -- simpler algs (long enough but not complicated-based on complex other algs)
 - 10 dets per line, etc.
 
 
func algs

algs and alg dets have to be completed before being smoothed

algs need to be simplified to eg 5 functional parts (representing the alg)



gmail notes:

Ssi lcms
- string concat, member in lpi, ssi
- save progress over different windows
- stay logged in, log in
- go back to first page if open at landing

Pay for 2nd company to buy products 
- As with nn

() take action x do when want

Vet like assessment 

Computer science assignments
- 10 algs, 80 phil br

250 br in phil allows 100%


Rust garbage collection
- delete finished preds 

replace n, v


lcms

profile/multidim forum
- with vision impaired browser

verify/submit

messages

resources

essay submission
- similarity checking

based on vision impaired browser

aria tags

html sections
- lfl

instead of video, presentations - typing lectures as chat

test with ssi (not web) with a text file
- prints input when text file name is entered as an argument


run businesses with educ masters
- 5*50 gl As per product, 250 br per line of text or shape
- As to do them are from t2b
- educ products need accred from la com (cpd xxx) (uni x)
- structure so can be self-managed x automated
- enough As takes care of separate pitch As needed

like a dba:

business mentoring
ads
accred (50 5*50s at start)
sales
bots
music
mix, master
copywriting
programming
essays
finance
education
- theatre, music, film jobs
- business
- education
- etc. (meditation, medicine, computational english, popology, societology, mathematics, immortality)
- computer science (paraphraser, gl, t2b, eh, interp, compiler, caw, pf, font, etc.)
make websites
- neural networks: data science in different areas
apps for above
music sales to companies with mr, repet of right genre
advertise the above, go on other sites
font

after making money, invest in others


alg that br 5 million gl br from a file
- tries n*gl with 10*400 words duplicated from a file
- a file with the lines to increase, and a file with the lines increased

find custs, etc. using intersection of mr, gl, jyotish, nn

5*50 As for vedic astrology
4*50 As for each sentence for publishing

academy teaches with a series of algorithms stepped through on web

- 20 tests per assignment