Immortality 10

1.  I couldn't add tail recursion optimisation if the recursive call were inside, for example, findall, where the cut command would have unwanted effects.  In tail recursion optimisation, I inserted brackets around the cut command and the recursive command, if needed.  I found each command that exited on status -2 (successfully exited) in the state machine.  I burrowed back until finding a recursive call, however many brackets it was inside.  I changed for example, recursive_call(A..B) to (!, recursive_call(A..B)).
2.  I benefited from all parts of life.  I did this by stopping the effects of social isolation.  As part of this, I saw people.  I felt like myself.  I took part in social events.
3.  I chose the most intelligent thoughts.  I had high distinctions for what appeared. First, I registered that the person had appeared.  I acknowledged them.  I gave the following high distinction in my specialisation to them.
4.  I found that breasoning currency accounted for activity and receiving.  I wrote questions and answers (a mea culpa) for my performance about aphoria (thinking of ideas).  I wrote that an aphor was a use, an algorithm topic and three steps. First, I invented ideas about ideas. Then, I expanded the steps and found rhizomatic connections.
5.  I worked out logical frames of objects.  I wrote questions and answers about breasonism (working out computational ideas), pointing at ontology or nothingness at the end.  I found the logical structure of thought and life. Study and life were in terms of algorithms.  I wrote enough and wrote systems that ported the most relevant ideas to a point.
6.  I checked that immortality would help.  Later, I helped the main role helper.  First, I visited the office.  My work gave me the role. Then, I checked the attributes of the position.
7.  I helped the female role helper.  She was friends with the leading role helper.  I wondered if she was a time traveller, but she was just friends with the former role helper.  I determined that time travellers might look like inhabitants.  I found out that she had gone home.
8.  I enjoyed visiting the office and talking with the staff.  As part of this, I helped the dark-haired role helper.  First, my employer gave me the role. Then, she asked about my career. After that, I worked in the role.

9.  I avoided death using a Master's degree and meditation.  Separately, I practised academic meditation.  First, I paid for puja. Then, using this, I indicated the utterances.  Also, using this, I indicated I had breasoned out breasonings.
10.  I wrote more and more specific ideas.  I started by writing 50 hand-written As for the encyclopedia article.  I first wrote the As.  I hand-wrote them in traditional style. After that, I wrote in a distinctive academic style.
11.  I tracked articles' relevance through time.  I began by writing 50 hand-written As for an essay.  I first wrote articles for the local newspaper.  I wrote an amount from a perspective. Then, I wrote from a standpoint during it.
12.  I met Albert Einstein, Plato, Aristotle, Descartes, and Jesus and thought of the biblical giant Delilah.  I made friends with Eliza, the robot Head of State.  I avoided transgressions.  I also met the next Head of State, but time travelled to Eliza's time.  Eliza was an older woman, and the next Head of State was a middle-aged man.
13.  If a giant visited the simulation, they would appear our size.  Before the doctorate, I checked my previous degree's pedagogy notes about writing details.  I wrote in synthesised sentences.  I wrote in terms of the area of study's terminology.  I wrote enough detail.
14.  I could increase any sentence as much as necessary.  I generated 5 million breasonings for a doctoral assignment.  I could reduce this by removing the cited sentences.  Also, I could expand the breasonings' sentences and reduce the number of breasonings.  I breasoned out 5 million, not 4 million, to reach the copywriting standard.
15.  I interviewed people, researched industry publications and conducted statistical experiments in my doctorate.  At the doctoral level, I wrote 50 word-breasonings as details.  I first wrote the reason. Then, I wrote 50 words to detail it. Finally, I wrote details when I wrote original sentences.
16.  I benefited from having a mentor during my doctoral studies.  I also wrote on philosophy, computer science and education in my degree.  As part of this, I generated philosophies with business aims. In addition, I made induction more accessible.  Logical induction helped complete and checked philosophies.
17.  I recognised the need for performance and met it.  Earlier, I asked the lecturer to help with earning a high distinction.  Before this, I wrote an argument.  I drafted my assignment.  Then, I spoke with the lecturer about my draft.
18.  I wrote 5 million breasonings for each assignment, details and algorithms.  I wrote 250 algorithms per assignment.  Each predicate was an algorithm.  I scheduled writing parts of my philosophy using algorithms.  When I breasoned-out work, it contributed to the project.
19.  I designed an image font and other coloured icons as part of Philosophy Works in Prolog.  I added a Prolog test case which tested cut in the findall body in State Saving Interpreter.  It wouldn't easily work in List Prolog.  Cut limited the number of solutions of findall to one.  When the interpreter encountered a cut in the findall body, it finished finding solutions.
20.  I could change reserved words and syntax in List Prolog to be shorter and faster (the algorithms were all on the website in expanded form).  I changed v in List Prolog to sys_v (system variable).  Changing this variable signifier allowed me to use the string "v" in extended English mode for other purposes.  Changes like this enabled necessary words to be reserved by List Prolog.  I could change it to another name because the Prolog to List Prolog converter hid the variable's name.
21.  I gave the gift of life to my followers.  I changed n in List Prolog to sys_n (system name).  Since I added grammars to List Prolog, I needed "n" or similar to differentiate between strings to parse and predicates to call.  I changed "n" to a different string because "n" was commonly used by algorithms already.  For example, "n" in Vetusia conflicted with the interpreter in "en2" but not "en" mode (in which 'n' with single quotes would have conflicted with it).
22.  I back-propagated variable values in List Prolog.  I also changed "=" to behave like equals4.  I entered A=B, B=1.  The interpreter returned A=1, B=1.  Backpropagation of values also worked with lists and within "=".  For example, [A,A,B]=[1,C,C] returned A=1, B=1, C=1.
23.  I noticed a duck seemed almost human.  I used the Text to Breasonings to help animals become human-like.  I mind-read them in assignments.  They explored details for projects.  The ducks kept away from the dogs and had neat feathers.
23.  I supported inversion in the interpreter.  I entered reverse(A,[],[D,C,B]) in the interpreter.  The interpreter returned A=[B,C,D].  The interpreter sometimes merged variables with no value in other commands.  To prevent this, I used strings instead of empty variables.
24.  I experimented with n-queens as a free variable puzzle.  I swapped the variable names A, B, etc. for _1, _2, etc.  I kept variable names intact through calls and predicate heads (the interpreter displayed the same thing in the trace).  At the end, I swapped _1, _2, etc. back to A, B, etc.  I thought "t" looked like a king, "8" looked like a queen, "#" was a rook, "+" was a bishop, "4" looked like a knight and "i" looked like a pawn

25. I monadalised from a hierarchy to a list. I started with [1,[2,[3]]].  I converted it to the list [1,2,3]. There might be two items starting at the same level, for example, [1,[2,3]]. In this case, the algorithm introduced state numbers (if it was an if-then clause), e.g. [[1-2],[1-3]].
26. Functional optimisation called the same predicate with different arguments. I demonadalised from a list to a hierarchy. I used this technique to develop code from a state machine. First, I found the functional optimisation of the state machine. Then, I found the number in the string optimisation of the state machine.
27. I generated all possible inputs to the website to test it. I did this by testing many characters. Then, I tested all characters from a set. Finally, I tested two users at the same time. After that, I tried to break in and make certain combinations of inputs by the users cause a crash, which I solved.
28. I wrote data limitations in algorithm inputs to guide generated input. For example, I specified to enter a number from 1-10. Or, I wrote if a response was 1, then to go to a particular branch of the algorithm. I could also store my responses in variables. I could back-propagate variable values, given A=B, B=1, and check them.
29. I suggested apps save progress as they go, with the ability to return to a previous progress point. I wrote a simple way to have multiple buttons in the Prolog web app. I replaced buttons with text fields with multiple-choice answers. I replaced multi-choice questions with "what" or content questions. I converted between multi-choice questions (for example, is A B or C?) and "what" questions (for example, what is A?) and provided hints.

30. I asked for a paraphrased multi-choice answer (when writing a quiz). There were test scripts that were guided by rules of data input following clicking a button (answering a multi-choice question).  I wrote the rule that an answer needed a certain phrase in it.  The test script followed these rules.  For example, I changed the answer to lower case, removed punctuation and found the base words together in order of the required phrase.
31. There were practise data generators with buttons (in fact, when answering a multi-choice question).  I wrote the possible answers.  I wrote any required phrase in an answer.  I wrote the question flow from particular answers, to help correct mistakes.  I consolidated with hints until the student answered correctly.
32. * I could swap from text file to web view to view a certain page.
33. * I generated instructions for filling in fields
34. * I optimised the app if the same patterns with different instructions were asked for.
35. * I generated the no-code app from a text file
36. * I generated this text file using an algorithm
37. * I could customise the app's number of levels items per level, and cycles.
38. * I could convert asking for a number of answers to findall and edit it
39. * I could edit the text file with an algorithm - expand, collapse
40. * I could edit the text file with a graphical algorithm - flowchart - generates flowchart, can edit

41. * 
42. * 
43. * 
44. * 
45. * 
46. * 
47. * 
48. * 
49. * 
50. * 
51. * 
52. * 
53. * 
54. * 
55. * 
56. * 

c2pl

is -> =

[A] in head -> in body, with equals4

back to C:
if-then
- A->B;C -> a(A1),if A1 then ...

equals4
[A] -> "[A]"
requires var table vars

to if A and B in C

to nested if thens in C

from C -> keep / change back to a(A1),if A1 then ... -> A->B;C

check if logical structure is already there so doesn't need to be inserted

function returns value x they are *vars

if then else fail function
vs
if then A else B
convert differently

a(In1,In2,Out1,Out2)
- act like *vars

A=1, A="string" in C

test C vars act immutably

output from whole alg has to be printed, etc.

lp-like-c to and from lp converter
- can run lp like c to test code with additional preds
- lp in this sense means contracted code in lp
- sometimes <a(A1,A2),if A1 and A2> won't contract to (A1,A2)->B;C leave the same because they might be too long
- update vars etc

question: are checkargs and update vars needed with *vars - no

- need to add interp cmds to ssi, remove cps from ssi (convert findall to a pred), speed up slow interp (with optimisers or lg stacks)

web, multithreading issue lists

append pred for multiple modes

--

distribute lucianpl.pl in non like-c form, convert it twice on installation and run it

- could run cp-less pl algs with this, but better to run them in ssi (lucianpl)
