Even though I think people think I died, they don't - I appear alive but keep my youth to myself.

1.  I kept a diary of thoughts while becoming immortal.  I transformed from mortal to immortal.  I replaced my body each day.  I generated As to help thinking, stop dementia, see clearly and relax my muscles.  There were no medical problems, and taking Chinese herbs for longevity smoothed my experience.
2.  I chose whether to die to (sic) Earth (not to).  I decided not to die at 41.  Passing at 41 would have been too early.  I detected the choice from meditation.  I needed to finish my business on Earth.
3.  I explained my age-freezing secret.  I chose whether to appear to age to (sic) Earth (not).  My friends would remark that I maintained my youthful complexion and could maintain a young lifestyle.  I liked the look of people who appeared not to age.  They just had more changes in their skin.  
4.  I chose never to die, not to die at 80.  I decided my apparent age death (never).  I enjoyed living the lifestyle and helping people live the lifestyle of the future (the best possible quality of life), knowing that people wouldn't want to turn it down and that all people would want to learn continuous improvement.  I joked that I could move around and help more people.  I treated people like people, not just bots with 5*50 As, not just 4*50 As.
5.  I negated and won with unsure people, turning a profit.  At the time of possibly moving to the simulation three months after indicating immortality, I indicated to cancel the universe in which I might appear to die with A and stay in the world, not the simulation with A.  I learned this through experience and taught others.  The world is ready for immortality.  It changed to adapt to it.
6.  I could continuously work on Earth, taking no risks and developing my style and writing.  I could conduct my business, perform, act and publish.  I could live on Earth, supported to be immortal through the future.  There are simulations to support immortals (accessed through the future).  There is medicine to support immortals (spiritual medicine).  
7.  I persuaded people to "come out" as immortal and stated that no hindrances to them were necessary.  I realised that artificial memories and changes to my appearance to unnecessarily try to help me to cover up immortality didn't warrant teasing and that people accepted and loved me.  While people wanted to protect me (which I didn't necessarily need), I felt supported and motivated in what I did.  Few but enough people become immortal, so it's alright (it doesn't matter because the future supported it).  People (where no people are bots in themselves) can become immortal and productive.
8.  Immortality possibly cancelled dementia from medication and lower life expectancy from night shifts, but I didn't have to accept death as a representation.  I wondered whether I could live on Earth for longer than 80 years, and I could.  I could live for however long I wanted.  I never touched death.  I moved around and worked in many roles.  The simulation protected me from death, but I didn't want to take risks that would cut me off from people.
9.  I encouraged scientific studied on immortality and observed possible examples of immortality.  I queried how to help my business after "dying" and thought to turn off death and help from afar.  Helping from afar, in this case, meant not dying.  It meant helping with the business in person.  In effect, I could act as the director of my business for eternity.
10.  If everyone became immortal, society's structure would change (there would be fewer medical problems, time travel to simulations and space travel to have more children, if this was necessary, and economics would function peacefully).  The end of the universe wouldn't be a barrier because of the simulation.  There was no need to pretend to die, and the world would accept immortality and high quality of life with the help of a future robot-led civilisation.  I learned to meditate, breason ideas out, breason ideas out on the computer, time travel and learn immortality from a future civilisation.  Immortals were not magicians but benefited from the science available in our times.  Immortality was a property of our universe.
11.  I could tell people about my experiences and knowledge, and they could benefit from it, and I decided to open centrally-operated centres in all countries.  I explained my algorithms and epistemological knowledge.  It was open-source, so people could privately access it, and it was transparent.  The "religious protection" meant nothing, as immortality resolved positively.  Someone asked how can I do it, and I answered with spiritual meditation (and my writing).
12.  I explained to look up my writing and algorithms.  My skills and knowledge came from writing enough on Pedagogy, Immortality, etc.  I meditated (wrote) about what to write about while living.  I thought of many topics to write on.  I also programmed creative topics or topics that were advanced topics for our times.
13.  I examined and researched possible issues during meditation while I remained aware that I could complement meditation with improving science and technology in the future.  I decided to streamline people's meditation experience, particularly preventing headaches and psychological issues while transitioning to becoming immortal.  I learned that I could avoid headaches with meditation (writing).  Because immortality was positive, there was always a positive outcome.  I also learned that computation pedagogy (with word breasonings) was necessary for studying for a master's degree.
14.  I overcame bullying and enjoyed life without overhanging negativity.  I thought people could benefit from immortality and being in the world.  I encouraged people to move from strength to strength, claim a lively place in the world and continue being successful.  The world offered well-knownness and enjoyment, and immortality lengthened and emphasised this.  Nothing was missing that was needed; I could explain everything by reason and science, and I remained present.
15.  I chose radicalism in continental philosophy.  My unique selling proposition contained breasonings, a spiritual idea that I activated with 4*50 (word or sentence) As per chapter, and enabled immortality.  I not only wrote 4*50 sentence-type As per department but 4*50 word-type As per chapter.  Writing more per chapter required additional concentration and resulted in a cosmological achievement—additionally, 5*50 (word or sentence) As was the "top" and achieved the copywriting standard.
16.  Computational breasonings require the lecturer (choosing, not having someone else decide what to breason out for you), recordings (replicating breasoning through other times and medically supporting computational breasoning), medicine and delegate possibly headache-causing workloads with spiritual medicine, philosophy and creative writing skills, among others.  I imagined that people could generate breasonings with or without computers and that philosophy students could memorise algorithms.  I preferred to create breasonings with a computer, automating writing high distinctions and opening up the possibility of future technologies being available in our time.  Not only were breasonings necessary for healthily conceiving a baby, but they made immortality and permanent good health available.  I regularly held Prolog-based fairs of my algorithms to demonstrate them.
