["Green, L 2021, <i>Conserve time lines 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Conserve time lines 4
43. I found the positive path around the water to conserve time lines.
44. I researched the past to conserve time lines.
45. I took a step back from stress to conserve time lines.
46. I told the story to conserve time lines.
47. I maintained social distancing during the pandemic to conserve time lines.
48. I grew healthy food to conserve time lines.
49. I examined the infection from person to person to conserve time lines.
50. I wrote two (sic) many breasonings (an A) at each point to conserve time lines.
51. I mind read for safety to conserve time lines.
52. I critically analysed (reached threshold) to conserve time lines.
53. I calculated the time to prepare to conserve time lines.
54. I researched the particular chemical to block bacterial and viral binding sites conserve time lines.
55. I found the structure in reality to conserve time lines.
56. I verified the statement to conserve time lines.
57. I mind read the algorithm to conserve time lines.
58. I wrote (examined the text) to conserve time lines.
59. I controlled the device with my mind to conserve time lines.
60. The self helped the other to conserve time lines.
61. I helped the person make the computer to conserve time lines.
62. I programmed the the computer to verify and agree  to conserve time lines.
63. I taught meditation to conserve time lines.
64. I checked the weather to conserve time lines.
65. I verified atmospheric conditions before flying to conserve time lines.
66. I maintained the business relationship to conserve time lines.
67. I scheduled the breasoning to conserve time lines.
68. I found the specific example of the general sentence to conserve time lines.
69. The self processed his Hegelian imagined idea about what the others would say and the self's imagined idea about what the others' imagined idea about what others would say, etc. to conserve time lines.
70. I imitated the teacher's destination to conserve time lines.
71. I used the idea that was successful to conserve time lines.
72. I used the brilliant, Nietzschean object (that indicated absolute coverage of the idea) to conserve time lines.
73. I obeyed the green light to conserve time lines.
74. I identified the person to conserve time lines.
75. The professor examined the word processor to conserve time lines.
76. I reached the threshold for clear thought to conserve time lines.
77. I understood the idea-in-itself to conserve time lines.
78. Inky stayed in the black to conserve time lines.
79. I listened to God's (the leader's) information to conserve time lines.
80. I earned A to conserve time lines.

"]