["Green, L 2021, <i>Space Flight 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Space Flight 4
57. The space craft was modified to be a tourist liner.
58. The space craft computer breasoned out and checked each computation to be understandable and safe for people.
59. I used an algorithm to find the likely result of the action by the space craft.
60. The propeller moved the space traveller around the space craft.
61. The space craft operated optimally when going along with children's story books.
62. The engineer predicted the output of the engine from its input.
63. The traveller modified his itinerary when space travelling.
64. I listened to the novel when space travelling.
65. The other knew what the self in space knew about the other.
66. The developing nations applauded the inexpensive space and time travel.
67. I replicated the space craft with the simple circuit and education about engineering.
68. I wrote philosophy to fill knowledge gaps about alien cultures.
69. The orbiting station was a sphere.
70. There was dancing class scheduled aboard the space craft.
71. The space craft computer simulated the person's body aboard the space craft.
72. The computer predicted required maintenance from the maintenance log.
73. I professor rigorously tested all connections on board the space craft.
74. The space craft was tested in all possible conditions.
75. The fruit connoisseur tasted the alien fruit on the space tour.
76. The alien animal saver saved the unwanted alien animals and taking them back on the space ship.
77. The space philosophy combiner (e.g. of hermeneutics and phenomenology) tested for an appropriate link by searching for viable sub-parts (e.g. a text citing a text citing a text) or changes to sub-parts (comments on these cited texts) to join.
78. The Department of Interplanetary Affairs and Trade advised whether to travel to the planet.
79. There were arguments and connective arguments on each developed thing found in the universe.
80. The space traveller used spiritual technology to speak in the same language as the inhabitant of the planet.
"]