["Green, L 2021, <i>Time Travel as Medicine 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Time Travel as Medicine 5
57. I mind cured in a language translated using Cultural Translation Tool in a different time.
58. The teacher found that time travel was appropriate medicine for scientists to examine.
59. The medicine finished on time in time travel.
60. The spacetime traveller sketched Mars during art therapy.
61. The spacetime traveller danced to the Jupiter soundtrack during music therapy.
62. I programmed the vertical spiritual screen to display the medicine with time travel readings.
63. I verified that the boxes were identical (that they were supported with the A threshold and that education was recent enough) when time travelling.
64. There was access to time travel medicine for all.
65. The payer paid the quantum box programmer for time not value before time travel.
66. The customised time travel business model was articulation to creativity on either side.
67. The time travelling bot used full brain potential to mind map the exam for a better result.
68. I was protected from radiation and unwanted timing when departing when time travelling.
69. I automated the medicine academy to maintain safe time travel.
70. I researched philosophy of medicine to improve time travel.
71. I wrote an algorithm that brought forward time travel knowledge about medicine.
72. I set aims and maintained my healthy while time travelling to achieve them.
73. I gave the time traveller medicine when they needed a skill such as breasoning.
74. I studied the factors such as education and politics which helped formed a time travelling medicine student.
75. I included time travel and medicine as necessary texts to sell a book.
76. I studied the medicine of all things when time travelling.
77. I planned for immortality by time travelling.
78. I could cure by time travelling facing east in the Earth's magnetic field.
79. I planted the forest and time travelled to see it.
80. I used the text to breasoning diagnostic algorithm of the spiritual computer when time travelling."]