New Sales 3

1. The salesperson claimed they already had global variables and “diff” commands in C in Prolog. I hinted at the programming method. I attempted the problem. This attempt gave me insight into modifying code, improving the algorithm and making simplifications. I wrote a predicate to command (such as foldr) converter.
2. The salesperson labelled data and used expressive data to find the bug. I wrote model solutions for algorithms. I gave examples of the commands involved. I showed example data structures and combinations of commands. I explained the workings of the interpreter to help design the algorithm.
3. The salesperson said that Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) and connections were all there were. I stated that an example of the algorithm puzzle was N Queens. Similarly, I found configuration properties of puzzles that led to shortcuts in solving them. These shortcuts were possible in chess, tic-tac-toe, other games and text adventures. In text adventures, certain combinations of interactions with characters led to progress in the game.
4. The salesperson tried starting in numerous locations and collating separately tried methods in other cases. I wrote the colouring algorithm. I began in multiple locations. Alternatively, I tried each method individually and put the results together. This process applied to connections in the colouring graph, matching patterns.
5. The salesperson recognised cognitive structures in long-form Prolog algorithms and converted them to short-form. I wrote the descendant algorithm. It started as:

descendant(Person, Descendant) :-
 parent(Person, Descendant).
descendant(Person, Descendant) :-
 parent(Person, Child),
 descendant(Child, Descendant).

The algorithm above is the simplified form to think of and edit. It could be expanded to:

descendant(A1,B1) :- findall([A,B],parent(A,B),C),
 descendant1(A1,B1,C,C). 
descendant1(_Person,[],[],_) :-!. 
descendant1(Person,D2,[[Person,C2]|C1],E) :-
 descendant1(C2,D,E,E),
 descendant1(Person,Descendant,C1,E),
 foldr_append([[C2],D,Descendant],[],D2),!.

foldr_append([],B,B) :- !.
foldr_append([A1|A2],B,C) :-
 append(B,A1,D),
 foldr_append(A2,D,C),!.

The algorithm above was the form to convert to C. It separated findall into collecting and computing data and had separate clauses (loops) for each nondeterministic statement.
6. The salesperson wrote a CI/CD algorithm that corrected itself. The game asked the player to modify the algorithm. There were “copy the correct data”, speed-debugging and “points for making accurate functional decomposition decisions” modes. The players were allowed to write helper CI/CD, unit testing and CAW algorithms. There were marks for simplicity, accuracy and speed.

7. The salesperson removed undefined variable sequences in short-form Prolog. I optimised the algorithm in the game. I converted the algorithm to short-form in Prolog (see 5). Then I optimised it, deleting +0, append [] and true. I verified cut, possibly replacing it with a new once version of member.
8. The salesperson created CAW predicates where needed. I debugged the algorithm in the game. I converted all code in allegedly short-form in Prolog to short-form. Before doing this, I found bugs in the long-form code such as bugs in C such as code that didn't pass tests, disused predicates and lack of reused code. I debugged short-form Prolog, using @| instead of "|" and simplifying data, then using CAW predicates.
9. Separately, the salesperson converted appendz, below, to long-form.

lucianpl(off,[[n,findall],[[[v,a],[v,b]],[[n,appendz],[[v,a],[v,b],[1,2,3]]],[v,c]]],
[
 [[n,appendz],[[],[v,a],[v,a]]],
 [[n,appendz],[[[v,a],"|",[v,d]],[v,b],[[v,a],"|",[v,c]]],":-",
 [
  [[n,appendz],[[v,d],[v,b],[v,c]]]
 ]
 ]
],R),writeln1(R). produces [[[[v,c],[[[],[1,2,3]],[[1],[2,3]],[[1,2],[3]],[[1,2,3],[]]]]]]

The game deducted marks for cheating. The game tested for understanding, originality and the ability to work from first principles in work. It checked for plagiarism, insufficient paraphrasing and a critical attitude to work. Regular check-ins checked students understood the limits of their algorithms and to use the old diff algorithm for files, not predicates.
10. The salesperson set up development limits for new program finders in the game, giving precise specifications. The game awarded higher marks for writing an algorithm that computed the answer. This may be CAW or program finder. A CAW plug-in found the correct configuration of commands within an algorithm. It needed to avoid errors in wrong, chance solutions by using labels and tests. Program finder found different programs and could be bought or sold in the marketplace in the game.
11. The salesperson reiterated that the student shouldn't use outside software libraries. The game checked if the student understood their answer. It checked whether their explanation was reliable, if they cited it or modified another algorithm and their stages of thinking about the algorithm. Students prepared for the interview by thinking of details for the algorithm and preparing an essay about answers to possible questions about the algorithm. They might demonstrate understanding about a simpler form of the algorithm than the interviewer knew about.
12. The salesperson emphasised intuitiveness and rigorousness of testing. The game gave an authentication test. They applied their knowledge in a new way. For example, the examiner asked for the same algorithm with different data. The student's memory would be tested.
13. The salesperson rewarded the programmer for meeting criteria while they worked. The algorithm helped when the user forgot something. It reminded them to take a break and relax when they forgot a name, variable, predicate or algorithm. They wrote a test or types before writing a predicate, possibly consulting previous texts. They needed to pass a security test by writing an installer to avoid passwords being stored in public.
14. The salesperson wrote the tests, found the bug and corrected it, sometimes automatically. The algorithm helped when the user became confused. When they started pausing too much, writing complex code or debugging unnecessarily, it suggested a new tack, using simpler code or possibly using CI/CD to isolate a bug. The helper encouraged use of novel software in which the user entered their ideas in written form. Employees were encouraged to work creatively a proportion of the time.
15. The salesperson set up a company to exhaust profitable ideas they had. The program helped the user when they made a mistake. The source suggested removing complexity (such as complex equals4), using simple predicates (simplifying "|" in equals4) and accounting for their ideas when simplifying code. The employee accounted for future research at the ends of each of their ideas and limitations or prerequisites these might have. The manager chatted with them to find helpers or resources.
16. The salesperson stated that mind-reading had advantages. I wrote a number one song, a prerequisite for immortality. To feel comfortable, I wrote my mind-reading algorithm. Separately, I wrote a word-processor. I relaxed by listening to mind-read songs or looking at mind-read images or movies.
17. The salesperson suggested ways of selling the ideas in the essay. I wrote on any essay topic in accreditation. The student selected any of the texts. They checked a topic with the lecturer. They formed research interests, tying down to a single idea.
18. The salesperson found the computational essence in metaphor. Grammar Logic (GL) suggested detail fragments that could be interpreted computationally. I mind mapped the algorithm description from the word related to a topic. I methodically answered questions about the algorithm that an assessor might ask. I wrote about algorithms that worked together in a system or were a line of models.
19. The salesperson wanted stability, expandability and the future development in products. GL suggested detail fragments that could be interpreted philosophically. I collected and synthesised enough algorithm descriptions. I worked on simple algorithms. I answered questions about the family of algorithms and tried to cover relevant edges that might be questioned.
20. The salesperson listed education skills in algorithms to reward the programmer and find uses for the algorithm. I wrote computer programs, passing the logical thinking test. I wrote on a useful, novel and ground-breaking idea. I aimed for readers to recognise the usefulness in the documentation. I committed individual bug checks separately to pinpoint them.
21. The salesperson leant on the useful side. I wrote philosophically to meet the test of multiplicity. I mind-mapped the implications of classical and recent work. Algorithms were able to be checked for correctness. They needed to be both alternative (intelligent) and useful.
22. The salesperson stated that light was a metaphor for user friendliness and that ice cream was a metaphor for appeal. I wrote philosophically to meet the test of generality. Generality referred to being useful to a group of people. It covered both general language that increased the relevance and connectedness of the work and the correctness of the algorithm, given necessary data sets. I engendered user friendliness and positivity (appeal) of the work.

23. The salesperson inspected the data's structure and the type of result, suggesting a particular program finder. I suggested the correct programming method. I identified whether the result was cumulative or was collected along the way, and thought about the other types in education. I identified whether the data structure was linear or hierarchical. I reminded the programmer to include base cases covering the simplest data.
24. The salesperson hinted at the model solution. I worked out the algorithm. I asked for the values. These constraints completed the algorithm. The constraints were commands. I didn't need a model solution, but needed specifications.
25. The salesperson graphed the complexity saving their idea would have, assuming time travel stayed in the same place. I suggested that multidimensional N Queens had the same number of queens as an edge length. It could have 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 dimensions or have more dimensions. Combinations of solved cross-sections and lower dimensions could be used to solve higher dimensions. In N Queens, all ranks, files, columns, and others needed to have 1 queen in them.
26. The salesperson stated that the initial graph was duplicated to create each higher dimension. The new colouring problem was multidimensional. It was similar to N Queens. Any point touching a point should have a different colour from it. It was like N Queens, but had different boards touching each other.
27. The salesperson claimed to process less, rather than repeatedly minimise the result complicatedly. I claimed that like the descendant long-form algorithm, one could generalise to long-form by converting the type of algorithm (search or returning a list, from linear or hierarchical input) to long-form. In this process, one should simplify the aims of the algorithm using functional decomposition. In addition, one should use findall rather than rely on the interpreter to backtrack, and one should stop when one had found the right answer.
28. The salesperson attempted programming various architectures. The game asked for answers to unique questions. It introduced binary computation quizzes. Over the levels, the player built a circuit. It was mainly data for assembly language.
29. The salesperson modified the sub-predicate. I determined that the game was unique. I viewed the simulation of various possible developments of the program. I created a new variable, story-of-the-algorithm-related character or optimisation (such as using a sub-predicate for a particular purpose). The game examined a specialisation of algorithms.
30. The salesperson was influenced by what they were thinking about, that is, they used language that the player used and helped the player develop their skills. I modified the algorithm in the game. The player changed a variable by inserting, deleting, renaming or swapping it or changed a command or several commands in the same way. They applied the algorithm to another area of study or found the simplicity of advanced mathematics. They earned points for proving an unproven application true to the game.
31. The salesperson modified append, with list decomposition in the predicate header, to write a simple predicate. I optimised the algorithm in the game. I found a simple substitute. I tested that permanent insertions in diff combos (which found combinations of diff insertions and deletions) such as writeln, which had no outputs and needed to be permanently inserted in testing, were regular items in the list of newer items. They were not insertions, which could be included or not included in combinations.
32. The salesperson needed to understand the program to get it working. I debugged the algorithm in the game. I tested that the optimisation worked and was shorter. I tested that the debugged algorithm worked with standard data. Creative programming enlivened the senses, allowed new connections and led to new research.
33. The salesperson created a work from first principles, bringing in a new perspective on it. The game deducted marks for cheating. I preferred creativity, group work and asking people what they were saying to be thought of. The work was creative, hinged and successful. Work was public domain and people specialised in their versions of it.
34. The salesperson's creativity algorithm was to narrow down an algorithm to a simple predicate, such as diff. The game awarded higher marks for writing an algorithm that computed the answer. It found the writing describing the algorithm and in addition, found bugs in queries and code from symmetries (visible mathematical order). It found and described innovative ideas and algorithms. This symmetry needed to be tested and allowed simplification (grouping).
35. The salesperson wondered about the famous algorithm. The game checked if the student understood their answer. It listened to their story about how they wrote the algorithm. They might start with a first draft, then simplify or add to it. If they didn't understand it, the game helped iron out their understanding and gave them a reward.
36. The salesperson stated that the game reappeared in a high-quality presentation to help revise the content. The game gave an authentication test. The student's memory of the noumenon was tested. They showed how the idea worked. The test allowed them to demonstrate, in impressive ways, their tight nomenclature.
37. The salesperson suggested the student write a predictable code suggester and simplified finding first arguments in the interpreter using unification predicates. I wrote an algorithm writer to help the student. The word processor was for the new recruits, and allowed creating new files, opening and saving files and copying and pasting. I allowed types to have lists delimited with "{}", "()", "<>" or "/\". The word processor recognised the meaning of the type statement, allowed for non-monotonic inserted labels, and suggested code.
38. The salesperson helped gather research and the student's experiences in preparation for writing a program. The algorithm writer interrupted the student. It suggested to take breaks five minutes into and five minutes before finishing. It found the best meal and toilet break times. It let them take charge of the creative direction of the project, finishing and presenting innovative sides the student thought of in the program and documentation.



