New Sales 7

1. The salesperson negated the necessity of unique variables in Spec to Algorithm (S2A) because finding constants was sufficient. I used S2A as a simple framework to find high-quality thoughts (simple versions of my algorithms that could be assessed and form customer thoughts). Customers were encouraged to the thoughts, which worked as mediators of sales and education, meeting professional requirements and earning high distinctions. Employees could dip into the database of thoughts to test themselves and add new research to help with their careers and aims. S2A helped rapidly generate algorithms from simple specs, helping mind-reading to find answers more quickly.
2. The salesperson converted the string containing the term to the term. I wrote a language parser using S2A. In this, sentence words were list items parsed by the parser. S2A generated the algorithm by finding recursive structures for the grammar, skipping over finding recursive structures for words unless adding or removing a prefix or suffix or producing output from words-as-text-games, and the parser inputted data into this recursive structure, mapped input in this recursive structure to output, then rendered the output. The parser appended items together to output. The parser converted strings to lists.
3. The salesperson for the logical/functional programming language wondered why there are multiple clauses in predicates if they can be merged into one, and they should only be separated if there is a CAW command in a clause with multiple outputs (which are possibly unnecessary). I wrote an interpreter with S2A. I computed the sum by taking the two arguments and first adding them. The predicate failed if the output is a value and it is not the result, or if it is a variable, finding the variable and its value in the binding table, confirming that it is the result, or failing otherwise, and if it is not in the bindings table, then adding it with the variable name. A CAW operation separates each set of S2A matches, and then the algorithm returns to the start of the S2A/CAW cycle. The interpreter could convert a list of math commands and form a function, only calculating the necessary operations.
4. The salesperson  S2A merged specs with the same and different recursive shapes into a predicate. It formed a decision tree for the predicate with these clauses, forming output based on input with this decision tree. It is similar to Prolog in that this predicate is like clauses with multiple choices and outputs, with a single set of possible outputs for the input, which may have different forms. I omitted an unnecessary output in the CAW output, deleting singletons in the CAW predicate until finished. Removing the extra variable in a copy of the predicate, even if used elsewhere, was better to make the algorithm more efficient.
5. The salesperson replaced "(" and ")" in the compound a(A) with "{" and "}". I wrote Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) in Spec to Algorithm. I found a smaller search space of one or two commands with arguments from the inputs or previous outputs. These had the types of these variables. Given 1,2 and the required result 2, I tried C is A*B because 2 is a number and taking 1 and 2, checking that 1 and 2 are numbers, with no brackets and not any other constants, giving the result 1*2, which I could label and later calculate and verify to equal 2, meaning the inductive rule is *. In these examples, CAW is used to make non-pattern-matching computations, such as + and type verification, and S2A could perform if-then, member and append.
6. The salesperson distilled data from a list and combined lists using S2A. CAW chose arguments from inputs and previous outputs by adding new outputs to a list whenever it found them and selecting a member of this list (to match an interim predicate spec), assuming it stops after finding the first instance. It chooses the same number of variables as arguments using findall with get_item_n (requiring CAW and lists of a certain length and requiring S2A and lists, or computes get_item_n as an S2A computation and chooses variables). Findall loops through items and processes them, found by S2A using lists and the append (:) operator, for example, given A=[1,2,3], uses a predicate (just as CAW would) that finds A=[B|C], or B=1, or C=[2,3], finds D is B+1 = 1+1 = 2 with CAW and appends this to the results, giving Results:D. This process (predicate) is repeated until findall is complete.
7. To save time when scanning the CAW libraries, the salesperson used findall as a CAW predicate with other CAW library predicates inserted (as a decision tree). I also used (:) for string_concat, which is relevant to strings in S2A. I could represent a series of string concatenations with (:). Recursion, a single choice between list decomposition, foldr, maplist or list decomposition without wrapping the item to append, was efficient but took time to check for, especially with choosing arguments, so it may be left out of S2A with lists and these commands such as 2 in 1+2=3 being left as 1+2 to calculate later. Predicates can be individually drafted using S2A, and recursion, lists, etc., can be manually inserted later. CAW could do this but would need the most frequently used functions to try first for better performance.
8. The salesperson breasoned out the objects by thinking of them. I wrote Text to Breasonings with Spec to Algorithm. Text to Breasonings converted the text to a list of objects and then to a list of breasonings (x, y, and z dimensions). CAW used intermediate specs to downcase the file, split on non-alphabetic characters, and find correspondences with objects and then with breasonings. An absurd reduction might convert a word straight to (an object name and) its breasonings in S2A.
9. The salesperson inspired the customer to automate laborious aspects of artistry with Mind Reader. I wrote Mind Reader with Spec to Algorithm. Mind Reader measures the time a person takes to breason out a particular thought in a specific time to mind-read it. Text to Breasonings breasoned out a 250 breasoning text on a question's possible answer, timing it. CAW eliminated outliers from the mind-reading signal by using the interquartile range. Students could program Mind Reader, inspire confidence using Spec to Algorithm (using a shorter customised dictionary), and explore music, art, essays, and programming.
10. The salesperson wrote a compiler optimisation that didn't run code. Spec to Algorithm rivalled algorithm-writing chatbots by separating S2A with a short CAW dictionary and CAW with a single algorithm-at-a-time dictionary, matching the types of the user query. S2A was a fast program finder in which [calculate,[1+2]] could be transformed into 3 using subterm with address and "is". Similarly, string_concat, append, foldr, if-then (using nd), and other CAW commands could be computed afterwards. A fast CAW variant that used types with #= formulas (for example, f(A, A#+1)) could be used instead of running code, improving performance.
11. The salesperson supported the simulation with fast computers. The type formulas sometimes included CAW commands, so they were indexed by characters that always appeared first and second and reordered with more straightforward arguments first. The system became very fast and could match simulants' thoughts, enabling a simulation. The people just visited the other dimension. Invisibility worked, but body replacement medicine required specialist knowledge of the body and medicine was teleportation-based with expert knowledge.
12. The salesperson wrote State Saving Interpreter (SSI) using Spec to Algorithm. SSI exhausted choice points in findall, which collected results from "member" and a computation. S2A computed [2,3] from [1,2] by repeating the computation A#+1 for A on the first list of items. S2A ran Mini CAW to find A#+1 from the data, which S2A used to render the result. Recursion is achieved by CAW by repeatedly finding the relation and checking for previous relations used in the algorithm, specifically in the list.
13. The salesperson supported infinite levels in "string to list". In addition to testing for the need for previous relations, CAW added to or used parts of previous relations. It inserted constants, unique or same variables, changed the order of arguments, used arguments from different sources or changed the argument's bracketed form. The predicate was the same as that used to find CAW command arguments and was similar to the predicate used to find the recursive structure and formula of data. Types from different parts of the algorithm could be reused, including references to sets of constants or a certain number of repeats in recursive structures.
14. The salesperson became interested in creating a time machine using an algorithm generator. I wrote Time Machine and Immortality with Spec to Algorithm. Time Machine breasoned out 16k breasonings for time travel. Immortality, part of the Daily Regimen repository, breasoned out 16k breasonings for meditation and body replacement in the (future and) present using BAG. BAG found new pairs of words AD to construct sentences from, from neighbouring pairs of words AB, CB and CD. S2A found these word pairs from the sentences and constructed the new sentences, which contained lateral and interesting different meanings that exhausted the possible connections in a text.
15. The salesperson claimed that Lucian CI/CD could use Mini CAW to "trun" (sic) (simulate running code with types) by finding the code's types and testing that code worked for better performance, first using S2A to optimise it. I wrote Lucian CI/CD using S2A. Lucian CI/CD found dependencies in algorithms, combinations of lines in sets of predicates taken from the dependencies and tested for the simplest combinations. S2A finds dependencies, the level number of the predicate inseparable from predicates they are in cycles with using depth-first search. Cycles are [1,2] in [r,[1,[r,[2]]]] given [1,2,2,1,2,2]. Predicates are in cycles between a predicate that calls a predicate above them, and nested cycles cancel in favour of the most extensive cycle.
16. The salesperson stated that Lucian CI/CD uses S2A to find the combinations of lines of code (not changing their order) by finding all combinations of on/off for lines and rendering the sets of code. S2A uses CAW to generate these possibilities using a recursive algorithm. For example, two lines generate [[on, on],[on, off],[off, on],[off, off]], appending on or off to lists of previous possibilities in S2A and CAW and recursively process the list using CAW. Then, it renders the code using CAW, finding correspondences from the original list of lines and the on switch. For example, [on, off] renders [a] from [a,b] by using a correspondence algorithm from CAW.

17. The salesperson avoided limiting the length resolution or imposing a time limit to "try", instead allowing a length resolution for the best results given the optimisations. I optimised the "try" predicate that found recursive structures in Spec to Algorithm by reusing computations and reducing data length by identifying candidates for recursive structures. These optimisations reduced the bottleneck to "try" and allowed for more extended and complex data and unique problem-solving approaches. Students can save and automatically include their best predicates in algorithms when needed. The algorithm can use their problem-solving techniques and remind them of their best techniques, such as tabling, negative result tabling and reducing candidate numbers with heuristics.
18. The salesperson learnt from the results of previous queries. S2A recognised patterns that were parts of previously recognised patterns, appending their results and saving time. For example:

try([4,1,2,3,2,3,1,2,3,2,3,5,2,2],A).
A = [4,[r,[1,[r,[2,3]]]],5,[r,[2]]]

try([4,1,2,3,2,3,1,2,3,2,3,5,2,2,3,3],A).
A = [4,[r,[1,[r,[2,3]]]],5,[r,[2]],[r,[3]]]

19. The salesperson saved possible patterns and their results to disk. The algorithm also grouped recursive patterns, for example:

try([[r,[1]],[r,[1]]],A).
A = [[r, [[r, [1]]]]]

This result could be simplified to:
A = [[r, [1]]]

This technique saves time by grouping results from appended queries.
20. The salesperson stored and checked negative S2A "try" table patterns that failed. I used tabling (saving results of previous computations) to speed up finding answers in "try" in S2A. I saved the pattern and the result, including previous times the algorithm was run or data in the text file in the table. I saved the entry if the pattern did not already have a result. I checked if a previous pattern matched a query when using the table. 
21. To save time, The salesperson only worked on "try" candidates with repeating values. To shorten the computation, I reduced the data length in "try" in S2A by splitting the data into smaller lengths with repeating items. A segment with a repeating item may have "1" at the start and again before the middle of the list, for example [1,0,0,1,0,0,0]. This heuristic prevented unnecessary tests to find whether a recursive structure existed, and the results could be tabled. I displayed a progress percentage for long computations to encourage users to process data for one predicate at a time to shorten data length.
22. The list of candidates was reduced from the combinations of sublists. I optimised "try" in S2A by finding the limits of possible recursive structures from starting points when processing the data. I did this by starting from the start and finding candidate sequences of any length, then starting from the second item and repeating. I checked whether these sequences contained recursive structures or had a repeating item. This optimisation markedly reduced the length of the combinations of sublists, reducing computation time.
23. The salesperson used CAW to develop a computer by converting S2A/CAW specs to processor, operating system and interpreter algorithms. I applied the "try" optimisations to CAW. I searched for patterns in specs to find algorithms, used tabling and heuristics such as types or pattern-matching to reduce the search space, and imagined algorithms that combined subterm with address with a state machine by simulating a computer to contain systems, helping societies develop computers, educating individuals and powering individual experience in a quantum simulation.
24. The salesperson found lists or results of nested functions in CAW. I optimised CAW by searching for patterns in specs to find algorithms. For example, given [1,2,3] and [2,3,4], I found maplist(plus (1), [1,2,3], [2,3,4]). Or, given [1,2,3,4] and 24, I found foldr(multiply, [1,2,3,4], 1, 24). These patterns, or, in the former case, a formula, could be recognised in adjacent data to find the formula more quickly.
25. The salesperson inserted and checked negative (failing) CAW table entries. I optimised CAW using tabling by recording formulas that had or contributed to specific results. These may be maplist, foldr or elementary formulas. I inserted table entries if they didn't exist, possibly offering multiple solutions to the user depending on their preferred solution or ones with better performance. When using the table, I checked if an entry or its formula matched the spec, for example, a pattern, type or formula.
26. The salesperson used intermediate specs for verification before removing them. I reduced the data length of inputted specs in CAW using heuristics such as types or pattern-matching. I recognised patterns in specs bottom-up or top-down, replacing the patterns with symbols and more quickly finding an algorithm to meet the spec. For example, I recognised and found code for a spec that matched that of append. I verified and removed unneeded specs that weren't in the overall spec or didn't elegantly fit into the overall spec.
27. The salesperson wrote program finders for various problem-solving tasks, with customisable options and the possibility of use by a chatbot. I used patterns to more quickly convert specs to algorithms. These patterns might link [1,2,3,4] and 24 to foldr(multiply, [1,2,3,4], 1, 24), other common inductive formula patterns or similar with algorithms and variables. For example, 
A=[1,2,3],B=[2,3,4],D=[3],intersection(A,B,C),subtract(C,D,E).
A = [1, 2, 3],
B = [2, 3, 4],
D = [3],
C = [2, 3],
E = [2].
This computation could be rewritten and recognised using the following code.
A=[A1,A2,A3],B=[B2,B3,B4],D=[D3],intersection(A,B,C),subtract(C,D,E).
A = [A1, A2, A3],
B = [A2, A3, A4],
D = [A3],
C = [A2, A3],
E = [A2].
This form differs from the Prolog output but can match specs to formulas.
28. The salesperson inserted formulas between the angular brackets in the spec. I optimised CAW by recognising patterns in the spec so that I could write algorithms. For example, CAW may recognise a program in the data. CAW requires program finders to optimise, minimise, and simplify code. I inserted variables in specs using the <V> format to prevent needing two specs to recognise variables.
29. The salesperson collected and responded to code with variables in the chat. CAW matched the pattern of previous results, finding the best code to use. Alternatively, CAW found the correct combinations of commands. The algorithm imagines the middle part by thinking what it would like, such as appropriate preferred parts (evoking Artificial General Intelligence or AGI by being itself). The format, length and specifications of the chat are as requested.
30. The salesperson researched the frontier of progress in a field. CAW selected the organic, mind-read predicates imagined to be helpful. The predicates were labelled organic because they were what the user was querying given a range of factors (where their questions needed to be answered). They were found out ahead of time using mind-reading and increased and were vetted against premium standards. The predicates were mind-read with consent, where employees selected predicates based on their problem-solving style, such as whether they aimed for mathematical, matrix-related or other methods to find a predicate such as a part-of-speech cloze exercise to identify the verb. The predicate was written using a creative problem-solving approach, such as writing the data and types, drawing a diagram or using a tool to find a viable method from their previous work.
31. The salesperson breasoned out their latest work with the project in mind. I wrote "5 As" (five) specific algorithms for a new customer. I wrote a main algorithm with two or three "detail algorithms". They each expanded further on a research direction. I collected key terms and found clusters of ideas from the algorithms and philosophy. I wrote algorithms on these key terms by writing to a specification.
32. The salesperson designed an approach to handle new input strings by combining them with the recursive structures derived from prior inputs. I didn't convert new input strings in S2A to recursive structures, substituting them into the recursive structure found from the old input used to generate the algorithm. This technique processed the new data regarding the recursive structure of the old data, verifying the new data's pattern in the old data and producing the output in terms of the new input. Doing so ensured that the new inputs adhered to the same structural patterns as the last inputs, maintaining consistency in the output generation process. This approach managed a correct and coherent interpretation of new information, taking advantage of the entrenched recursive framework.

33. The salesperson checked keywords, reading level, impactful brands, and idioms when writing a journal article. University is written as Vocational Education with a specific reading level and subject matter. I wrote the skills for the assignments with performance criteria and elements in stepped progression. For example, these skills, in understanding specific computer science commands, could be used to solve practical or theoretical problems. The choice of material was relevant to the industry and helped build confidence in skills and ways of thinking to help use the degree.
34. The salesperson asked better questions for better results in mind-reading. I wrote a practicum with high distinctions, such as Vocational Education, with a specific reading level. I wrote a Specifications neuronet that contained original and necessary specifications for algorithms given nothing that, like CAW, uncovered research conclusions or worked behind private company doors. It produced AGI by rewriting or editing algorithms cognitively using subterm with address or reverse in Lucian CI/CD. This higher form of optimisation, focusing on the idea rather than the implementation, was crucial in approaching human mind-reading.
35. The salesperson found more elaborate code, including verification or comparison of lists with CAW. A student treats pedagogical algorithms and projects as "enough simple things". Enough, simple algorithms support high distinctions. Similarly, predicates of projects should amount to enough simple predicates for these high distinctions. A project, a collection of or a more significant or noteworthy algorithm, involves more debugging and computational synthesis work and can outperform many smaller algorithms.
36. The salesperson stated that all 80 breasonings should be determined by Vocational Education with a specific reading level. I wrote break-reasonings or reasonings broken into those from different departments. These processes were the top-level summaries of argument maps. For example, different perspectives on language to ultra-optimise an algorithm and documentation to explain an assembly language problem in words are connected in a pipeline. Recursively simplifying an algorithm in machine language may lead to writing more precise source code by writing using better-performing commands, using a coding style that enables the assembly interpreter to vectorise or act on whole arrays at once or include functions in the function body, identifying bottlenecks evident from assembly code, using profilers to pinpoint a needed optimisation, making minor optimisations with significant performance gains, capitalising on a greater understanding of CPU architecture, including registers, pipelines, and instruction sets, better knowledge of co-processing, a better view of optimisation and refinement.
37. The salesperson optimised the recursive structure finder in Spec to Algorithm. I used S2A with a maximum of 10-item long lists or strings for speedy algorithm finding. I broke lists or strings into commands, sentences or other units that could be recombined to form further recursive structures. I achieved this using grammars or another method. I chose a delimiter such as a comma or a full stop by working out if the data was natural language (a collection of words with commas and quotes) or an algorithm (C or Prolog code).
38. The salesperson did cosmology and education with meditation. Lecturers leant towards new classloads of high distinctions. They calculated how many years the combinations and how many items per combination in a text with a specific length could support them. They wrote a new text for freshness and ongoing requirements. They wrote for 15 minutes daily and thought of x, y  and z.
39. The salesperson processed as many breasonings as the student. I subsidised 4*50 high distinctions in business to one high distinction. This work covered the sale, and another high distinction covered the high distinction. Instead of one high distinction, they were fives at the maximum. This process relied on maintaining a good grasp of modifications to a complete set of 4*50 high distinctions.
40. The salesperson spiritually ran the finished algorithm with high distinctions or relied on a high distinction. I wrote algorithms with short code, sometimes a few lines long, although some predicates were more prolonged and processed more data. These longer predicates, like projects, were more heavily weighted for reward. They could cope with more cases and possible input combinations with more lines. Novel or innovative optimisations to these predicates increased their value.
41. The salesperson stated that the horticulturist discovered the ideas. The Academy's internal politician was given systems and pleasant ways of dealing with matters. This person was a board member who understood the texts' sliders. I exited and smelled the roses instead. I processed the table's values, only the secondary level once it was processed.
42. The salesperson predicted relevant ideas by completing more tasks. I wrote as I went. Living up to an ideal, I finished each idea as it was thought of. The neuronet accounted for this idea's significance among the other ideas. An algorithm summarised the main implications of the concept and helped group it with different ideas.
43. The salesperson engaged with mind-reading verification and CI/CD systems for maintenance. I coded as I went. I captured ideas, ways of thinking, options, and games as they appeared, along with any specifications and links to previous ideas and sources. The source was the inspiration, an idea about an earlier idea. It helped link the concept to existing philosophy, algorithms, and analysis to review the work and find the best methods. Ideas went through the stages of the waterflow model, from requirements, analysis, system design, implementation, testing, deployment and maintenance.
44. The salesperson completed arguments for the positive function of each body system. The academy wrote History and Philosophy of Science research about medicine, including how to prevent medical problems with the quantum box. History and Philosophy of Science made observations about the life and science of the scientist, connecting and analysing reasons. The arguments connected algorithms to general arguments for each book, such as writing for immortality, preventing headaches with the quantum box and concentrating on computer science in education, meditation, and medicine.
45. The salesperson tested Spec to Algorithm. I wrote up to 250 S2A test cases about parsing, abstract syntax trees, translation, debugging and optimisation. For example, I parsed "C is A+B" to [[n,+],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,c]]]. In addition, I produced the abstract syntax tree from [[n, assign],[[v,c],[[n,+],[[v,a],[v,b]]]]] from "C is A+B". I translated [[n,-],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,c]]] to "C is A-B".
46. The salesperson corrected the code with variables using S2A. I debugged [1,1,2] to the correct code "C is A+B". Alternatively, I debugged [[n,=],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,c]]] to [[n,+],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,c]]]. I optimised the code [[[n,+],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,c]]],[[n,=],[[v,c],[v,d]]]] to [[n,+],[[v,a],[v,b],[v,d]]]. I optimised the code [[[n,=],[[v,a],[v,b]]],[[n,=],[[v,b],[v,c]]]] to [[n,=],[[v,a],[v,c]]].
47. The salesperson used a variety of techniques to optimise code. I included a Lucian CI/CD switch statement to test possibilities. I tested between sets of statements, finding the algorithm's most straightforward working combination of statements. This feature more quickly tested between and selected correct statements in switch statements, producing the working code according to test data. I automatically found suitable candidates for switch statements in algorithm comments.
48. The salesperson inserted nested checkpoint statements or let the algorithm reselect the region to find code. In addition to switch statements, I added checkpoints to Lucian CI/CD that connected variables if there were no statements in the switch option as part of the switch. These options could be specified as generative fill checkpoints by themselves, and possible types, brackets or other code could be inserted here by the algorithm. By default, these generative fill regions were deleted or optimised. In addition, the user can specify the length, number of predicates, logical structures, or type of code in the generative fill.

49. The salesperson helped others live longer. I saved others' lives using mind-reading if they were going to morally end by breasoning out a high distinction in the morning before the event. I kept a spare high distinction unbreasoned until the next one was ready. I used it if necessary. I kept a backlog of high distinctions for each day a high distinction was not produced, saving effort by only breasoning out high distinctions for education assignments.
50. The salesperson used the interquartile range (IQR) to eliminate outliers for a component. I augmented Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for decision trees by localising eigenvalues and eigenvectors to local nested pairs of variables. These pairs of variables were correlated. I used statistics (possibly regression) to find correlations in the data. I paired each combination of variables to find the correlation coefficients, PCA and the coefficients to find the most robust correlations and entered the data in a decision tree.
51. The salesperson used their knowledge to form a decision tree in Spec to Algorithm (S2A) (see Immortality 36.46-48). I found the decision tree by splitting by the most extensive sets of values for variables and continuing to split until no more splits were available. I found the relevant domain and analysed the key terms, forming a decision tree from their correlations. I pressed a button to find the answer. The decision tree was a fast way to record and traverse relationships in S2A.
52. The salesperson maximised their development time. I optimised code generation and natural language processing to S2A from the reasoning engine for speed and accuracy. Humans who surpassed robots in clarity of thought were surpassed by machine reliability at running non-neural algorithms. A robot could assist scientists, artists, or computer engineers. I used accurate computational, mathematical, and physical reasoning to build a Prolog computer.
53. The salesperson complemented scholarly with artistic activity for a healthy balance and better function. I explained to the writer that I devoted time to coding, writing and music, where I coded original or creative algorithms and wrote on pedagogy, meditation and humanities, leading to business because I was a spiritual realist who programmed spiritual ideas for real-world gains. I wrote music that I attributed to my algorithms, using algorithms I had written to leave my ideas' complexity and reconnect to solutions in them. It was a form of stress relief and art that allowed me to explore my life and science creatively. This meditation inspired further philosophy through prayer, often giving rise to the best possible features and revisions.
54. The salesperson claimed S2A could be used in a manual neuronet. Instead of creating a decision tree with PCA, I gave a decision tree to a neuronet. Alternatively, I could directly run the decision tree to find the correct result. I experimented with mind-reading thoughts, sentences, and "tens" to describe complicated connections in recursive algorithm writing with regressive neuronets. This premise assumed more data was required to improve the accuracy of neuronets; otherwise, a superior technique to deal with recursion and mathematics or manual algorithms was needed.
55. The salesperson designed the physical simulation from quantum particles up, with practical uses for machines that control quantum particles. The Physical simulation ran CAW to find time travel, teleportation, quantum computing, quantum gravity, space travel and medicine. It achieved this by finding combinations of particles to find the correct components to help people to a better quality of life by constructing these configurations. It did this by using tricks, such as teleportation and sound operations for medicine, space and time travel using quantum teleportation, quantum computers (for speed and teleportation) for the simulation, medicine and teleportation, and robots to carry out physical testing. In this, 4*50 As is required to make teleportation work, which is a staple of research and is why humans are included.
56. The salesperson claimed that already discovering the quantum computer, based on a quantum simulation of S2A and mind-reading, was easy, another property of the universe and that a spiritual neuronet could complete tasks quickly. Transportation was enabled by 4*50 As. It was an inherent property of the universe. The fast computers were enough to transport or simulate (with images) the world and its dimensions, which could also be caused and closed. I took control over the parts that could go wrong, such as humans failing to write pedagogy. I automated it by querying myself with algorithms and running meditation software by first asking using mind-reading.
57. The salesperson saved lives and sold products using mind-reading. I increased the accuracy of mind-reading by accrediting myself in retail therapy and breasoning out 32k breasonings before using detailed mind-reading. I optimised the detailed mind reader to use the shorter decision tree algorithm. The sounds, in conjunction with simulated implants, enabled teleportation surgery. Movie quality 32k breasonings were used to interact with each level of reality, from subatomic particles to heads of state in surgery.
58. The salesperson planned to connect implants to the body. I affirmed that I joined the new parts together. I removed unwanted cells and implanted copies of new ones from the old body. I checked that the patient was alright afterwards. For external appearance in body replacement, I kept hair growing from the new body and kept the rest of the body with the old brain, new thoughts and mind reading to be the main person to their thoughts.
59. The salesperson naturally healed the person in the simulation, which was controlled in the future. I installed the neural circuit from the new brain in the old brain. Instead of brain surgery and teleportation, I mind-read the old body until it was with it over the latest thoughts, turning off unsureness. I removed the old neural circuits, installed the new ones and then removed the new circuits just after going to sleep. In the morning, the computer reminded them of their thoughts or implanted artificial neurons, possible with the simulation.
60. The salesperson enjoyed the quality of life from thousands of years of technology. Instead of p. 59, the computer reminded/implanted the person's thoughts before the initial surgery without needing night/morning surgery and reminding/implanting. Both stages were used, one to help them and the other to be more definite. In addition, the body needed its thoughts removed the first time and was reused using replication without worrying about what was happening to it. The body replacement process was simple because people were reduced to breasonings, and their consciousness was given thoughts.
61. The salesperson instantly processed simulation thoughts using a quantum computer and other computations. I wrote an S2A PCA decision tree that aimed to perform faster and more accurately than regression. I deleted duplicate points, normalised data, and unused duplicate variables. As previously mentioned, I found a decision tree from sets of binary switches without PCA. The data for decision trees came from local domains and keywords.
62. The later simulation protected the salesperson. I found the decision tree. I stopped with the first decision tree that gave the solution, merged the decision trees or used a different decision tree for each central first or later symbol. I found all the unique solutions unless otherwise specified. Creativity was expressed as working out the solution resulting from the prompt.
63. The salesperson entered new data to solve a known or new problem with the decision tree. In the more accurate, decision tree-based neuronet, hallucinations were not a problem and finding new relationships required enough data. The decision tree finds relations and output for new data. It doesn't require training, and binary or linear relationships are found based on normalised PCA data. In the latter case, the decision tree might have X=X1 and Y=X1+1 as a relationship in response to a prompt to add one to a number.
64. The salesperson found relationships from saved decision trees, designed to work optimally, and inserted functions from decision trees given patterns. The decision tree would find the X1+1 relationship from an existing decision tree that outputs it given [[1,1,2],[1,2,3],[1,3,4]]. Saving this relationship saved time and allowed new data to be input. I caught up with my ideas by specifying and writing algorithms using S2A and describing them. S2A sped up finding recursive structures, base cases (lists in decision trees) and formulas to match an algorithm effortlessly.

65. The salesperson only followed the student, recommending to start again if there was a significant difference. I wrote a decision tree neuronet to find items or subparts of Spec to Algorithm (S2A) specs to apply formulas to to develop features. I took the specs apart and mind-read them individually. I went over each line with the specification scanner. I found them and made them separate predicates.
66. The salesperson wrote the formula in S2A, mind-reading subformulas from the student, helping them to like correctness about the results of it or a neuronet, often finding formulas bottom-up or in the order the student feels comfortable, cutting off paths that don't align with the spec unless the spec needs to be revised. I tried each hypothesis of how to implement the feature. If no hypotheses appeared, I waited for them to come up with more. I had secretly solved it at first but waited a few days to tell them. For example, I identified the input and output for a feature. I modified the append predicate formula, written in a version of CAW, which is, in fact, a spec word processor, to perform data processing, which was simplified using S2A.
67. The salesperson wrote specs in different languages and converted one language to another. I applied the possible change to the target or a similar position, testing if individual parts needed to be modified separately or nested changes made, then optimising it later. I made the changes to the algorithm as soon as possible. Where the student wanted to make them, I found apparent errors, inconsistencies and mathematical incongruities in specs, such as ambiguous duplicates, singletons and reused variables that may cause errors in the algorithm. I prevented them by continually minimising the algorithm and alerting the students of required changes. In addition, the professor's algorithm identified and suggested solutions to security and safety issues. Its third use was to print and format output and results uniformly.
68. The salesperson said the algorithm sometimes found new things correctly but had difficulty making changes, so they devised algorithm processes to help instead. When adding features to a spec in S2A, I applied formulas to data structures rather than individual variables. Alternatively, I applied changes to item subparts. Each part, like CAW, could use the augmented algorithm. It required writing the professor algorithm in Pedagogy and using it as the mind-reading method.
69. The salesperson was happy and good, asked nicely and got the job done. The neuronet was intelligent, remembering techniques such as control structures, specific predicate calls or optimisation techniques. It collected data from recording debugging sessions in the editor, mind-read data, or version control system commits. Mind-reading was done using concurrent or ahead-of-time algorithms. It was optimised using spiritual screenshots, taking two hours to render overnight or ahead of time if on the lecturer's computer, which wasn't necessary because it was already known.
70. The salesperson applied their knowledge from the department to the problem. The neuronet retained knowledge about computer science. It could minimise algorithms, write decision trees and neuronets and other structures such as state machines, mathematical formulas and reused specialist predicates. It could behave as a program finder for S2A formulas, reducing the number of variables, where S2A formulas were efficient and could be reduced to C or assembly code and more quickly found recursive (foldr) formulas using CAW data. It avoided exiting from the base case of an assembly code loop instead of exiting through the levels because it was better designed.
71. The salesperson captured feature switches using a switch condition and separate specs for new features with dependent features switched on if necessary, requiring more superficial data structures and features and possibly helping identify obsolete features. The neuronet contained simple algorithms that could be transformed into students' more complex ones. It included simple enough predicates with adequate features and versions with additional features, labelled with these features, where combinations of features could be switched on, or off using functional decomposition and modules, for example, the "|" symbol in the functionally decomposed predicate in the match predicate in List Prolog Interpreter can be switched off. They were functionally decomposed to switch these features on or off; for example, one predicate became two and could be merged using an optimiser on the compilation. In S2A, this can be achieved by using switches to optimise by splitting strings or lists depending on the need.
72. The salesperson staged necessary features over several versions, sometimes removing or modifying unnecessary features. I used S2A with a neuronet to operate like the Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) algorithm. This method was again a primary technique when using Mind Reader to help students debug. After entering specs or determining them from the screenshot, S2A, Mind Reader, and the neuronet found the algorithm. The student passed tests to see the code in their dreams.
73. The salesperson wrote a high distinction about why he was interested in the student. If a similar spec was not in the database, I typed it in or mind-read myself to put things in holes to configure it, such as unique algorithms. The lecturer was a specialist in the student's techniques by collecting their techniques, mind-read, screenshots, and version commit neuronets and found the fully featured, optimised version of the methods and worked with the students on them. They could work out neuronets from single screenshots, where direct mind reading was too tricky and inaccurate. The lecturer studied History to develop images mind-reading professionally.
74. The salesperson stayed in the simulation for safety, but their and the spacecraft's images were projected in space and at the destination, suggesting the ability to return instantly. I contributed to Physics knowledge about making lines in space straighter. I jumped between points in space. I smoothed lines in space travel. I avoided eddies or black hole-like remnants and places that were mind-read to be dangerous.
75. The salesperson optimised the camera algorithm. I increased my knowledge about the simulation by discovering that objects from home are read (images scanned) ahead of schedule, movies and models are created, and effects in replicated objects are transported. If objects are peeled off, the algorithm also reads them ahead of schedule. This fact meant I could obtain screenshot clearance two days early for instant debugging at the time, as had sometimes happened. If there were many daily updates, they needed two hours plus an hour for clearance per screenshot. If the student gets tired and makes mistakes, the screenshots and the work are sometimes postponed.
76. The salesperson designed a new chatbot with more extended, individual algorithms and switch features such as program finder access. I improved the chatbot algorithm with "Physics" book chapters as topics and connections as philosophy book chapters. I wrote books and used them to educate the chatbot. The chatbot gave references, explicitly asked if the user wanted to run algorithms and the time they would take and discussed individual approaches to PhDs and breasonings. I quickly contained breasonings inspired by Grammar Logic (GL) taking too long and used a chatbot to prompt comments on a separate, overarching theme.
77. The salesperson decided to bulk breason out 16k breasonings and detailedly mind-read 250 algorithms and 250 breasonings using S2A per person per day instead of one high distinction to help complete the person's thoughts and adequately support them. I wrote a high distinction on the day or breasoning out a completed high distinction for a person before they might morally end, possibly using an algorithm, preventing them from ending in conjunction with meditation and being connected to the simulation via a simulant. I accessed a chatbot from VPS(s) involving the relevant costs and a way of paying to protect meditators. This process might involve some or all of the meditators. All were indebted to the person, were a joy to them and didn't appear to die.
78. The salesperson discussed the algorithm structure and dependencies of features with the user. I aimed to help the chatbot write longer ten-breasonings-based algorithms. The chatbot chose against some breasoning and focused on more developed, relevant algorithms to the person's pathway. Possibly, to involve the person in the creation of the algorithm, the chatbot drew on mind-reading, repository, editing and neuronet data and walked through the decisions in writing the algorithm with the person's help, possibly using a mind-projected screen. Algorithms were both compact and had feature switches. They were developed with user interpretation of how a feature should be expressed.
79. The salesperson also helped the person mind-list possible security holes using the professor's algorithm. The security tool made S2A the standard, preventing bugs apart from spec errors and malfunctioning code. Failures from input, APIs, and file accessing resulting in web page reports must be handled using type checking and error catching. Singletons in specs and undefined variables in spec output were caught. Code minimisation and CI/CD tools were also used to reduce the mistakes.
80. The salesperson developed a commercial employee support system. In this system, 250 algorithms and arguments were the standard. The system used detailed mind-reading, where the algorithm broke down options into a decision tree for better results, such as a three-dimensional sound when composing music. I used bulk question-answering in the chatbot for speed. I completed 16k breasonings every business hour until midnight.