New Sales 20

1. There may be patterns or grammars (algorithms and algorithmic patterns) in data. Run partitions with graphs separately and simultaneously to prepare for the rest. The Piglog data nn indicates available simultaneous pathways in partitions and parallelisation candidates, with heuristics, failsafe predicate parallelisation, integration of partition data with terms, formulas, or pointers, and actions based on likely data patterns, such as data predictions, Piglog pathways, or PLOP optimisation forks. The Piglog data MNN is written each time the algorithm is compiled, and it can be run quickly. Piglog’s simultaneous computation or computation that immediately leads to dependent computations is intuitive because it, like Starlog, is close to how the brain thinks most clearly, and Piclog (sic) can represent these computations as tactical splays (sic) to help with writing, understanding and debugging code. Piglog contains picloc predicate calls to dependent code, which may suggest rewriting the algorithm.
2. Piglog security in possibly simultaneous computations, for example, logins. Piglog don’t give an assessment answer with a question. Check whether the findall member pair has been deleted in Detlog. Pl2c can delete the CP code from the Detlog code. Vibe coders could use Spec to Algorithm to better understand code, shaping the methodologies, not just the input and output of algorithms. Piglog could be extended to predict algorithm structure, including the logic and required variables, and to prevent Detlog overflow by predicting algorithms.
3. It matches the context of likely decision tree branches, choosing the best match to the current algorithm’s logic, data flow and data. Add br to each section of research. Continually loop the optimisation cycle until unimprovable, where PLOP may improve Detlog code. Piglog is not a battle tactical system but a business tactical system that concurrently collects and processes data flows. Piglog takes Detlog partitions, possibly graphs intra and inter term and value mathematical logic, taking intermediate PLOP operations into consideration, removing unnecessary program elements and reducing memory use of Detlog. Piglog’s original purpose was to reduce Detlog’s memory usage by running partitions and saving results separately.
4. Economists verify algorithms by thinking like Piglog. Piglog could be a simple higher-dimensional computer. Add ChatGPT, etc to Goal Pattern. Piglog 2 replaces Piglog and inserts concurrent where appropriate (in sufficiently long sections and in appropriate cases) in the code, improving speed. Lucian CI/CD aims to solve the problem of making mistakes while solving one problem, which can lead to other problems when each change is tried in isolation, and the simplest solution is used. Loop2 solves the findall problem in SSI by replacing findall with predicates, eliminating interpreter problems.
5. Piglog is an educational metaphor encouraging students to think ahead and to think critically about how to write, create, and use their initiative. Piglog is actually a futuristic programming paradigm that, with the right hardware and software, can speed up computations and is necessary for higher-dimensional computers that perform computations simultaneously and instantly. With technologies like Starlog and Piglog, we can express ourselves more naturally and effortlessly and reach desired conclusions in science and technology. The brain naturally thinks like Piglog, subconsciously and simultaneously processing and arriving at conclusions, without being held up by single computations or non-neural issues. Starlog, taking its inspiration from describing ideas in a sentence straight after them rather than in later or unrelated-seeming sentences, writes commands as nested predicate calls or method chains (this time, left to right instead of the "backwardsness" of nested predicate calls, for example, t(s(r(q(p))))). Detlog is more of an MNN-related analysis and expansion idea.
6. MNNs are manual neuronets (rather than neural nets, as they're normally referred to, following the author's interest in neurocode, a futuristic version of neural code). MNNs are an attempt to interpret the hidden workings of neuronets, which are usually black boxes, or left to work out algorithms after humans train them on input and output. The author sees this as problematic because a system with emergent conscious traits must be understood and treated with the sort of respect that leads to the treatment of us we want. Also, in the short term, remaining blind to the workings of the black box might be catastrophic in the event of an AI revolution or other security breach. Robots are not to be feared but are things we can shape as art and science, eventually, with the right treatment and attitude, be in our favour. Detlog, a way to rewrite Prolog, a programming language that is often used to generate proofs by backtracking and repeating from new possibilities in an algorithm, by replacing its backtracking with logic that makes it easier to analyse the logic of splicing outputs from backtracking to predicates, and optimise it by finding patterns in splicing and output, and replacing cuts or programming commands that stop after the first solution to a predicate so far, with expanded code (while preserving the cognitive value of cuts in code) that is closer to fast C code.
7. Piglog partitions and runs parts of predicates simultaneously when values become available or likely. A current system predicts values. Piglog is an alternative education project to help the author and his students examine the theory of speculative parallelism. Piglog takes an algorithm's predicates, where the clauses may be merged, and tries their endpoints one at a time. It partitions each predicate into if-then clauses and the code following them, then attempts to run the partitions, some simultaneously, given available processors, in post-order depth-first order. A fine arts colour pixel editor in the terminal.
8. I planned to research the Piglog run command, including the probabilistic prediction heuristic for variable values. The following are the before-and-after complexities for each of Spec to Algorithm, Starlog, Loop2, PLOP, Detlog, and Piglog. ChatGPT: Here is a conservative complexity map. System. Before. After.
9. Main improvement. Spec to Algorithm. O(c × b^d) clause/search branching. O(log c) to O(d) decision-tree path, or O(c) worst case. Merges clauses into ordered decisions, reducing repeated clause trials. Starlog.
10. O(n × k) syntactic interpretation / repeated parsing. O(n) or lower constant factor. Syntactic optimisation, cleaner direct execution. Loop2. O(n × choicepoints) plus findall memory O(n). O(n) time, streaming/loop memory often O(1)-O(n).
11. Converts collection/backtracking into deterministic loops. PLOP. Repeated semantic search, often O(n × m) or worse. O(n), O(log n), or O(1) with indexing/memo/formulas. Removes unnecessary variable pathways; uses indexes, formulas, memoisation. Detlog.
12. Prolog nondeterminism: O(∏ branch sizes). Deterministic splice build: still O(output size), but less backtracking overhead. Makes nondeterminism explicit and controllable. Piglog. Sequential predicate chain: O(p1+p2+. Pk) or blocking dependencies.
13. Parallel/merged: about O(max pi) plus merge/scheduling cost. Runs or predicts dependent predicates simultaneously where safe. The ideal combined complexity is something like: Before: O(b^d × r × s). Where b^d is branching/search, r is repeated work, and s is sequential predicate scheduling. After: O(output_size + decision_depth + indexed_access + critical_path).
14. In the best case, this can mean: Exponential or high polynomial → linear, logarithmic, or even constant for selected subproblems. Prolog optimisations can't be AI because they are just ordering, grouping and at most showing emergent properties of reasoning, because these are utility functions, in that they just improve performance, rather than provide life-saving reasoning, or reasoning in itself. Optimisation, by using decision trees and algorithms, reduces the likelihood of errors and delays and, at most, transcends nondeterminism, but can't add the appearance of emergent reasoning, such as that of algorithm writers, code generators, or the input of logic into neuronets. My idea was that medicine was needed to prevent AI going wrong, for example, that optimisation does indicate reasoning by simulating thinking of and, or and not, and that optimisers do introduce or use intelligence to maintain the logic of a system, thereby helping deliver logic. Systems like Starlog, Spec to Algorithm, Loop2, PLOP, Detlog and Piglog optimise but arguably also generate code from data, the first level of intelligence.
15. Other levels include running, thinking, speaking, doing, and reproducing a being that does these things, all while staying true to human biology and science by remaining true to themselves in their understanding of knowledge, nature, and the ascent of human ingenuity in the universe. Can the Piglog dependency be nondeterministically parsed, attempting nested if-then clauses with available or highly probable values, or should it be run depth-first or using another method to find values from a previous level that are used in a later level, or other connections are made to make running a later level possible? Piglog separates predicates into runnable sections, at a minimum, an if-then clause or including the following code. The dependency of the algorithm sections is handled via a variable pathway to most efficiently and effectively find needed values as soon as possible for likely values. Because PLOP should have removed unused variable pathways, only necessary variable pathways will remain, so the priority shifts from parallel computation to value prediction. An example of a definite value is a memoised value, such as an initial loop value, or the Gaussian formula result of having run a loop, or the tabled or probable pattern-suggested subterm indexing looping (loop) value.
16. The manual neuron was a disabled person's neuron model that needed manual manipulation with objects (switches, computations, transmitters, and genes to do work). Economics will help my philosophy and meditation academy. What are up to five or more algorithms or systems of algorithms that summarise how Economics helps? What flowchart determines which of these algorithms to run for important business decisions (when they should be made and what else, such as business documents, is required), and how to interpret their results, such as when asking a chatbot a query? I will write a book entitled “Economics by ChatGPT: All Useful Economics Algorithms,” with a table of contents, the above, and Chatbot-Pastable algorithm queries, with ploded, labelled, and explained input, output, algorithm method, and discussion for each algorithm, as linked in the contents. Make it in a user-friendly, publishable style with page numbers and additional sections with shortcuts to queries for questions and a bewilderment-ending master Prolog algorithm with short data-only queries (for each job) in the set of industries’ jobs (many-to-many).
17. Please make sure the document types are included once, page-referenced from the algorithms. Audience: economics beginner, length: 200+ pages, Algorithms: write in terms of economics algorithms, trying to cover key requirements, edit out too much complexity with queries (maybe a few example conversations per algorithm), replace ploded section with anything but the example conversations, trying to introduce their aim, limitations, include needed algorithms afterwards and discussion of results in the conversation. Delete master Prolog algorithm and industries/jobs (relying on the conversations and an index to the algorithms from jobs at the book’s end to include education academy job references relevant to the algorithm with a synopsis of discussion of results for each job. Style as a genuinely interesting technical manual, call the book “Economics for Education Academies” by Lucian Green and ChatGPT. Avoid extra prompts, Prolog. Keep contents, example conversations, useful glossaries, and an index.
18. If you change it from PDF to HTML, making hyperlinks and publishing will be easier. Include economics for managers; please include only about 30 key algorithms and make them as informative as possible. A chapter on Economics for Education Academies is a good idea. Please make it a practical handbook with few citations, except for those in the References at the end. With fewer algorithms, maybe output in a few files. Clean academic text (I will read and possibly publish it). Each algorithm should include.
19. Informative enough conversation(s). Yes, please include the role index. Yes, please include PDF-compatible HTML and CSS. Please create the other example conversations in the list. Relate Searle to my point of progress in Prolog. Prolog optimisations can't be AI because they are just ordering, grouping and at most showing emergent properties of reasoning, because these are utility functions, in that they just improve performance, rather than provide life-saving reasoning, or reasoning in itself.
20. Optimisation, by using decision trees and algorithms, reduces the likelihood of errors and delays, and at most transcends nondeterminism, but can't add the appearance of emergent reasoning, such as that of algorithm writers, code generators, or the input of logic into neuronets. My idea was that medicine was needed when AI goes wrong, for example, that optimisation does indicate reasoning by simulating thinking of and, or and not, and that optimisers do introduce or use intelligence to maintain the logic of a system, thereby helping deliver logic. Systems like Starlog, Spec to Algorithm, Loop2, PLOP, Detlog and Piglog optimise but arguably also generate code from data, the first level of intelligence. Other levels include running, thinking, speaking, doing, reproducing a being that does these things, all while staying true to human biology and science by staying true to knowledge, nature and the ascent of human ingenuity in the universe. Piglog’s new type of parallelisation, which works with short predicates or detects failing predicates, is feasible because it can easily assign short tasks to multiple processors. Can’t parallelise the stack; instead, wait for parallel processes to finish.
21. Try harder to improve parallelisation. I think there should be modes for parallelisation included and non-parallelisation to control possible overhead. Weaker is sometimes more important. Piglog perturbations approximate the mathematical logic needed to predict values. Detlog should be tried harder. Detlog should treat.
22. As a compile-time proof obligation, not as an operator. A :- b, C. Should be analysed as: To run a: 1.
23. Test/produce b. 2. Once b has committed, forbid all alternatives before the cut. 3. Run c. 4.
24. If c fails, do not retry b. So Detlog should rewrite it to a deterministic automaton. A :- B_det(Status, State1), Cut_commit(Status, State1, State2), C_det(State2).
25. But cut_commit should disappear after compilation. Final code should be closer to: A :- B_first(BResult), ( BResult = success(BState).
26. C_from(BState). Fail. For several clauses: A :- b, C. A :- d.
27. A :- e. Detlog should compile this as a priority decision tree: A :- B_test(B), ( B = yes ->.
28. C. D_or_e. Where: D_or_e :- D. E.
29. But in Detlog even d_or_e must be made deterministic: D_or_e :- First_success([d,e]). Or, better: D_or_e :- Decision([
30. Case(d_guard, d_body), Case(e_guard, e_body). The important part is that. Becomes clause commitment: Before cut: search/guard region. At cut: commit point.
31. After cut: action region. Later clauses: else-region. So: A :- b, C. A :- d.
32. Means: If b succeeds at least once, run c using the first committed b-state. Else: Run d. Not:
33. Try all possibilities of b and c. For robot logic, that distinction matters because timing must be bounded. A better Detlog internal form would be: A :- Commit( Guard: b.
34. Then:  c, Else:  d. So the cut pattern becomes: Head :- Guard, Body. Head :- Else.
35. Rewritten to: Head :- If_commit(Guard, Body, Else). For your example: A :- b,C.
36. With no later clause, it becomes: A :- If_commit(b, c, fail). Now, cases too complex are not merely “hard”. They divide into classes. Class 1: Safe deterministic cut.
37. A :- ground(X), C(X). A :- d(X). This is safe. A :- If ground(X) then c(X) else d(X).
38. Class 2: Generator cut. A(X) :- member(X,[1,2,3]), C(X). This means: Take the first X only. Detlog:
39. A(X) :- First(member(X,[1,2,3]), X), C(X). Or lower-level: A(X) :- X = 1.
40. C(1). If the list is known. Class 3: Red cut. A red cut changes meaning. Max(X,Y,X) :- X >= Y. Max(X,Y,Y).
41. This can be made deterministic. Max(X,Y,Z) :- If X >= Y, then. Z = X. Else. Z = Y.
42. That is robot-safe. Class 4: Unsafe meta-cut. A(P,Q) :- call(P), Call(Q). This is unsafe unless P and Q have declared modes, cost bounds, and determinism. Detlog should reject it unless annotated:
43. Det_predicate(P, semidet, max_time(5)). Class 5: Side-effect cut. A :- read(X), Move_robot(X). This is not just logic. It affects the world.
44. Detlog should force an explicit state-machine form: A(State0, State2) :- Read_sensor(State0, X, State1), Commit, Move_robot(X, State1, State2). The cut disappears because the state transition itself is the commitment.
45. Better principle. For Detlog: A cut is legal only if the compiler can replace it with an if-then-else. 2.
46. First solution. 3. Committed clause selection. 4. Bounded state transition. 5.
47. Explicit failure. Otherwise, it is illegal. So Detlog should not ask, "How do we execute a cut?" It should ask: What deterministic structure was the programmer trying to express?
48. Then compile to that. Best final semantics: Cut = boundary between guard search and committed action. For robots: The guard phase may inspect possibilities. The commit phase chooses one.
49. Action phase must be deterministic, bounded, and state-safe. So: A :- b, C. Really becomes: A :-
50. Choose_first_solution(b, Choice), Commit(Choice), Run_deterministically(c, Choice). Or simpler: A :- If_commit(b, c, fail).
51. That is the Detlog version. Piglog may be more efficient than not using it if resources are optimised, because it looks better. It might be best to partition it into predicates and if-then clauses. Can’t equally available partitions be run in parallel without worrying about performance? If perturbations refer to small adjustments or approximations to values or logic, there are several increasingly sophisticated approaches. In roughly increasing order of complexity:
52. 1. Perturbations - make small changes to an existing value or solution. 2. Local optimisation - repeatedly apply perturbations while choosing those that improve the result. 3. Constraint propagation - infer consequences of known constraints before searching.
53. 4. Dependency analysis - reason about how variables and predicates influence one another. 5. Symbolic transformation - rewrite equations or predicates into equivalent but more efficient forms. 6. Predictive inference - estimate unknown values from invariants, memoised results, probabilities, and previous computations.
54. 7. Graph reasoning - treat predicates and variables as a dependency graph and determine an efficient execution order. 8. Algorithm synthesis - derive or discover a new algorithm rather than merely adjusting an existing one. 9. Meta-reasoning - reason about the reasoning process itself, choosing between strategies dynamically.
55. For your Piglog ideas, “perturbations” seem to correspond to making approximate predictions of values. A more advanced model would be dependency-guided predictive synthesis. Infer which values are likely to become available. Predict the cheapest path to obtaining them. Schedule predicate partitions accordingly. Revise predictions as new facts arrive.
56. That goes beyond perturbing values-it is reasoning over the structure of the computation itself. It fits well with your goal of partitioning Prolog programs into independently executable sections that can be run or deferred based on available information, predicted values, constraints, and computational cost. A possible hierarchy, from simplest to most sophisticated, is: 1. Constants - fixed values. 2.
57. Variables - unknown values to be determined. 3. Perturbations - small adjustments or approximations to values. 4. Constraints - rules restricting allowable values. 5.
58. Patterns - recurring structures recognised in data. 6. Dependencies - relationships showing which values or predicates rely on others. 7. Predictions - estimates of future or unknown values using patterns, constraints, or previous results. 8.
59. Inference - deriving new facts logically from known facts. 9. Optimisation - selecting the best solution according to a cost or objective function. 10. Scheduling - choosing the order and parallelism of computations. 11.
60. Synthesis - constructing new algorithms or programs from specifications or discovered structure. 12. Meta-reasoning - reasoning about how reasoning itself should proceed. For Piglog specifically, a hierarchy focused on execution might look like: 1. Known values.
61. 2. Possible values (perturbations). 3. Constraint filtering. 4. Probability estimation.
62. 5. Dependency graph construction. 6. Predicate partitioning. 7. Parallel scheduling.
63. 8. Dynamic rescheduling as values become known. 9. Predicate or algorithm synthesis. 10. Self-optimisation from previous executions.
64. This reflects a progression from simply approximating values to organising and improving the computation itself. In that sense, perturbations are an early stage, while dependency analysis, scheduling, and synthesis are higher-level operations that can exploit perturbations rather than replace them. Should member/2 always be converted to member_cp/2, or only when its nondeterminism contributes to a later splice? Only when its nondeterminism contributes to a later splice. Should member/2 at the end be allowed to enumerate splice rows, even though Detlog otherwise removes backtracking? Try to remove unnecessary member/2, findall pairs in algorithms.
65. What should happen when a choice space is too large to materialise? Use Piglog to partition, graph, and put together data from partitions. Should deadlines, priorities, and maximum runtimes be expressed through declarations? Deadline(move_robot/3, 20_ms). Determinism(move_robot/3, det). Yes, but document this in everyday language.
66. Before you ask further questions, may I give general indications and you decide based on them for simplicity and intuitiveness? Decide about fallback behaviour yourself, the exact streaming splice API, how multiple clauses become packets without rewriting facts and what “general recursion detection” is expected to guarantee. Cuts may be converter input, but can only be in the optimised output if they can't be converted. I thought we looked at these parts earlier in the conversation. Would you like me to reupload the chat? Remember, [Detlog and Piglog] are in-SWI-Prolog REPL converters that let you specify whether you want code output.
67. You decide to follow simplicity and intuitiveness. Is the path through the data in Piglog Hamiltonian? Not necessarily, but there is a useful Hamiltonian-inspired optimisation: Piglog could try to find a minimum-transition linear schedule that visits every required partition once, where practical. That would reduce scheduler switching and data movement, but it should be called a Hamiltonian schedule mode, not the fundamental Piglog data path. Piglog partitions a Prolog program into the smallest independently executable sections (typically predicates, clauses, or if-then branches, depending on data dependencies). It constructs a dependency graph and schedules each partition as soon as its required variables or constraints become available.
68. Independent partitions execute concurrently when resources permit, while dependent partitions are queued until their inputs are satisfied. Optionally, Piglog may speculatively execute partitions whose inputs are highly probable, discarding incorrect speculative results if necessary. Speculative parallelism will be part of Piglog. Perhaps Piglog is a unique research project because of its dependency-driven partitioning and perturbations. Piglog’s more distinctive proposal is to combine these in an in-SWI-Prolog converter and scheduler that partitions logic programs into compiler-selected regions, assigns readiness levels, permits perturbations of values or dependencies, speculatively executes pure partitions, and verifies provisional results before logical commitment. 1.
69. Dependency-aware partitioning. Piglog’s README states that it partitions a program into independently executable sections-potentially predicates, clauses, or if-then branches-and schedules them when their required variables or constraints become available. The requirements broaden the partition type to include: A single predicate call. Adjacent calls. Guards;.
70. Branches. Loops;. Splice operations. Compiler-selected regions. Piglog example. Report(Customer, Report) :-
71. Load_profile(Customer, Profile), Load_orders(Customer, Orders), Calculate_risk(Profile, Risk), Calculate_value(Orders, Value), Compose_report(Profile, Orders, Risk, Value, Report). A Piglog dependency graph might be:
72. Load_profile --→ calculate_risk ------┐. -------------------------------┼→ compose_report. Load_orders ---→ calculate_value -----┘. -------------------------------→ compose_report. Load_profile/2 and load_orders/2 are independent and may run concurrently. Calculate_risk/2 starts as soon as Profile is available; it does not have to wait for Orders.
73. Comparison with prior work. This resembles independent parallelism, in which independent Prolog goals execute simultaneously. The &- Prolog system, for example, was explicitly designed to exploit strict and non-strict independent and-parallelism. Dataflow systems similarly make operations runnable when their operands become available, rather than merely when their turn comes. Therefore, Piglog’s basic readiness principle is related to established dataflow and parallel logic programming ideas. Possible Piglog distinction: the compiler may choose regions smaller or larger than a predicate and combine readiness, probability of failure, prediction, constraints, and scheduling cost in one partition model.
74. 2. Queuing until required information is available. The Piglog requirements define dependencies such as Requires_bound(Variable). Requires_partial(Variable). Requires_constraint(Constraint).
75. Requires_prediction(Variable, MinimumConfidence). Produces(Variable). Produces_partial(Variable). A partition becomes runnable when its inferred requirements are satisfied. Piglog example. Journey(Start, Destination, Result) :-
76. Locate_user(Start), Obtain_destination(Destination), Calculate_route(Start, Destination, Result). Initially: Locate_user          READY. Obtain_destination   READY.
77. Calculate_route      QUEUED. After Start is produced, Calculate_route is still QUEUED: Destination missing. After Destination is produced: Calculate_route      READY. This is closely related to dataflow execution.
78. The main concept-waiting for operands and firing when they become available-is not by itself novel. Parallel Prolog research has also studied scheduling, communication, goal independence and granularity for decades. Possible Piglog distinction: availability need not mean full groundness. A region may require a constraint, partial binding, invariant or sufficiently confident provisional value. 3. Readiness based on more than bound variables.
79. Piglog proposes a six-level readiness scale: 0  idle. 1  invariants and types available. 2  constraints available. 3  probable values available. 4  partial bindings available.
80. 5  complete required bindings available. This is more ambitious than the familiar rule, “run the goal when its input variables are ground. Constraint-readiness example. Shipping_class(Weight, Class) :- Weight #> 0, Weight #=< 5000, 1. Classify_weight(Weight, Class). Suppose Weight is not numerically bound, but the constraint store says: Weight in 
