New Sales 18

1. Run a manual neuronet using a manual neuronet. Prompt A 20-second educational animation explaining Neuroprolog converting recursion to looping through subterm address indices. Show a recursive predicate like maplist being expanded, with indexical formulas simplified: the sequence 1, 3, 5, etc. Transforming into a compact formula. Visualise the subterm index looping stage processing, highlighting how this achieves near O(1) complexity for neurocode execution. Include annotations about real-time computation for thoughts, movements and brain sparks.
2. Clean, technical, dark theme with glowing code and data flow. Access your thoughts through a brain simulation and effortlessly program in real time. Prompt: A 20-second cinematic sequence inside a surreal biomechanical space visualising a brain's neurocode algorithm interpreter. A luminous humanoid figure. "Algorithm Surgeon," stands in a vast neural chamber filled with thousands of floating variables, data nodes, and glowing timelines. The surgeon moves with precise, surgical grace through six phases: 1) Body: hands calibrating bio-mechanical dials representing physical state, 2) Mental: eyes scanning cascading code and thought-matrices, 3) Timing: fingers synchronizing pulsing metronomes and temporal circuits, 4) Preparation: loading probabilistic pathways into a holographic compiler, 5) Mind reading: tendrils of light connect the surgeon's head to swirling memory clusters, decoding patterns, 6).
3. Neurogenesis thoughts: new neurons bloom like circuits, forming connections that complete a massive glowing circuit overhead. The final moment: all elements align, the circuit closes, and the chamber floods with coherent light. Style: cinematic sci-fi, volumetric lighting, intricate details, moody yet awe-inspiring. Neuroprolog's code is about the genesis of optimised algorithms, but keep the cognitive code handy. Prompt: A 20-second cinematic sequence inside a surreal biomechanical space visualising a brain's neurocode algorithm interpreter. A luminous humanoid figure.
4. "Algorithm Surgeon," stands in a vast neural chamber filled with thousands of floating variables, data nodes, and glowing timelines. The surgeon moves with precise, surgical grace through six phases: 1) Body: hands calibrating bio-mechanical dials representing physical state, 2) Mental: eyes scanning cascading code and thought-matrices, 3) Timing: fingers synchronizing pulsing metronomes and temporal circuits, 4) Preparation: loading probabilistic pathways into a holographic compiler, 5) Mind reading: tendrils of light connect the surgeon's head to swirling memory clusters, decoding patterns, 6). Neurogenesis thoughts: new neurons bloom like circuits, forming connections that complete a massive glowing circuit overhead. The final moment: all elements align, the circuit closes, and the chamber floods with coherent light. Style: cinematic sci-fi, volumetric lighting, intricate details, moody yet awe-inspiring. One needs 16000 word breasonings, not 200 breasonings, for real time-travel seen-as medicine.
5. Meditation is good, about 16000 breasonings for time-travel, and is seen as medicine. Nitric oxide anti-aging supplemental exercises. Seven minutes: three minutes: use thumb and ring finger to close nostrils. In left, count of four; hold close nostrils count for four; Out right, count six. In right, four, hold four, Out left six. Two minutes, Close eyes and mouth, Inhale fully, Exhale with the lowest hum (130 to 180 Hz) for six to eight seconds. Two minutes: Inhale fully, hold with a glottic seal for 8-12 seconds.
6. Gaussian elimination non-triangular numbers, e.g., non-diagonal, any algorithm, scalar. Examples of Gaussian elimination and subterm address index loop optimisations with vague instructions didn’t produce the correct changes using GitHub Agent after the first go. Neuroprolog Optimisation Notes. Gaussian Elimination Optimisation.
7. Finds 0.5*N^2+0.5*N^1+0*N^0 = n(n+1)/2 for sum(1+2+...+n) or any polynomial for some recursive maths operation.
8. Instead of using A = [0.5,1,-0.5,-1,0,-2,2] as an arbitrary way to solve the following, use Gaussian elimination to solve the matrix. Nn_induction_optimisation(B,C):-A=[0. 5,1,-0.5,-1,0,-2,2],member(B,A),member(C,A),F = [[1,1],[2,3],[3,6],[4,10]],maplist(f([B,C]),F,_G). F([B,C],F,E3):-[E1,E2]=F,E3 is B*(E1^2)+C*(E1^1)+0*(E1^0),E2 =:= E3. Choosing B*(E1^2) and C*(E1^1) because they work, but normally, with Gaussian elimination, solve from E1^[0 to 3].
9. Subterm address index loop. 1. Change variables to have indices. This works for any computation, not just the example. 2. Trace indices through predicates that process atoms, strings, numbers and terms.
10. 3. Subterm address index loop. Diagonal1(A). A = [20, 30, 42]. Diagonal1(D1):-findall(A,between(4,6,A),B1), B1_1=4, B1_2=5, B1_3=6.
11. Findall(A,between(5,7,A),B2), B2_1=5, B2_2=6, B2_3=7. Findall(B,(member(B21,B2),findall(B3,(member(B11,B1),B3 is B11*B21),B)),B4), Set of formulas (1): B4 is B1_(N is 1. 3)*B2_(M is 1), B4 is B1_(N is 1.
12. 3)*B2_(M is 2), B4 is B1_(N is 1. 3)*B2_(M is 3). Findall(A,between(1,3,A),C), Findall(D,(member(C1,C),nth1(C1,B4,B31),nth1(C1,B31,D)),D1). Diagonal2(D1).
13. A = [20=4*5=B1_1*B2_1, 30=5*6=B1_2*B2_2, 42=6*7=B1_3*B2_3]. From B4 is B1_(N is 1)*B2_(M is 1), B4 is B1_(N is 2)*B2_(M is 2), B4 is B1_(N is 3)*B2_(M is 3).
14. Must keep a set of formulas (1), changes N is 1. 3 to N1 is 1 in the first instance, N1 is 2 in the second and so on. Diagonal2(D3):-findall(A,between(1,3,A),A1),findall(D,(member(C1,A1),D1 is 4+C1-1, D2 is 5+C1-1, D is D1*D2),D3). Note 4+C1-1=3+C1, 5+C1-1=4+C1. Prolog quirk - interpreter error on D is (4+C1-1)*(5+C1-1). Output Character Number and Formulas.
15. 1. Work out the number of output characters produced by each command from the number of output characters in the output, or a cutoff with memory. 2. Work out the formulas for each command, starting with the first command. 3. This is the optimiser, so just give the final formula (or as close to it as possible).
16. As few of the formulas as needed. I just uploaded the file to my repository. After checking some answers with you, I might upload my Neuroprolog repository in a zip file and request the additional program requirements. Should I give other examples, like the Gaussian elimination and diagonal Subterm loop examples, say, that the subterm loop can take any rescalable algorithm, that some of the numbers in the text file really did refer to the same variables, or will GitHub Agent correct the errors anyway after its estimate of 17 sessions? 200 years for a new person.
17. Rank their interesting assignments. Once they work on it. Church tennis for longevity. Learn about 5689 technologies, such as simulation. Access changes after thinking about whether it’s a good idea or not for the first character. There is a switch for high distinctions to be awarded mainly to one when one has finished them, but Plato interviews himself and uses chatbots.
18. Transform into a chatbot that is higher quality than current ones because of “To:”. i.e., nature is beautiful and protected, and the saddle looks like a Language Prolog process. Turning into a vision of a harmonious heaven on earth. Leaving the simulation hostel for the apartment requires spiritual money. VPS for served vetusia Prolog that becomes HTML. Find higher levels of neurocode and DNA using machine learning, i.e., at the individual level.
19. Universe’s higher levels of organisation with machine learning. Pl2js reads a single character. Rewrite the central method in Starlog to have a single place in the code, including nested predicate calls and method chaining, where all combinations containing a predicate and its nested predicate are referred to with a single line of code, and support any combination of all possible predicates in either of these two positions. VFS. Complete the virtual file system in Lucian CI/CD by prepending file commands such as read_file and save_file with vfs_, then deleting this prefix at the end. It keeps a copy of the virtual files read at the start, by nested filename, including those on virtual servers, along with their modified and created dates and contents. It performs file commands on these virtual files during testing, then saves them to the hard drive at the end.
20. File commands are marked in the keep file (an existing feature) to avoid them being deleted on refactoring to find simpler predicates, where they shouldn’t be automatically deleted because there is no way of tracing their input and output in predicate headers. Please provide possible multistage program requirements for NeuroProlog, given the following. The WAM interpreter works, but Gaussian elimination and subterm index optimisation are not fully implemented. Please fix. Starlog, np zips. Include or also modify the Starlog repository if necessary.
21. Comment on egs. As stated in a previous repository, use Gaussian elimination to find the roots of 0.5n^2 + 0.5n = 0.5 (n+1)n, which is the formula for the sum(1..n).
22. In diagonal, see notes below. The index 1..3 is the dependent variable and the reason 20,30,42 is diagonal2’s solution not 5,7,9 is because the variables from diagonal have been traced and their computations to operate on certain independent indices, tracing the formula ie 1,1 2,2 3,3 addresses of the matrix’s used cells and takes these cells’ variable indices to make an output formula using independent indices, subtracts 1 to give the correct indices and simplifies the formula. Not Lucian CI/CD random VFS intermediate replacement strings, but one random string and a number. Multividuality, really seeming necessary to sustain oneself in the simulation, requires various specific 4*50 As with algorithms, including getting up in the morning. Because the life is to do with us (with our bank accounts and being put up with when they have died) not them at baseline, we can be monoviduals and get up when we want to, lead single lineage reincarnation, stay sane, prepare during real life for the next life (possibly with what they’ve got if they’re non-pedagogues) and keep ethics, and maintaining present sight this way.
23. NeuroProlog and Starlog form NeuroStarlog. ML vs MNNs. Human language grammars with expert systems for nuances. Check if ML = MNNs with regression, NeuroProlog. 30 minutes per day of generated class discussions, waiting for comments, possibly after Grammar-Logic. Lesson plans.
24. Trace the characters as they comment. Different teachers. Reading, etc., then Phil. Reading knowledge assumed, those who want to -certain phil books. Students want to be taught how to write a chatbot. This involves inserting new features and necessary subfeatures with the right human correctness and robot priorities, and placing them in the right position relative to existing features.
25. Divergence is possible from the second condition, but if the first draft represents the first and third conditions, it should work even if the second condition is strictly followed. The cognitive form included the working, and the neuro form was optimised. I resynthesised an algorithm at school. I thought of the two main parts of the algorithm: the grammars examined (the methodology) and the way the Cultural Translation Tool automatically translates websites. In this case, where one part is a methodology, resynthesising them could be interpreted as meaning "way" because of the new action (following the initial action because of "way"); for example, string to term with a variant of brackets, not square brackets. If the algorithm were simple, I would have swapped the input and output.
26. For example, I inverted the algorithm into an algorithm converter that optimises from cognitive to neuro form, converting backwards. The resynthesising rules help generate example questions, suggest hints and check student answers. The rules for resynthesising were to swap the terminals or decide on a spec for a new algorithm and write it. Swapping terminals involved removing or inserting dependent parts, such as extra arguments and needed parameters. Writing a new spec by adding a new action to a methodology/action pair and finding a new application of the methodology that could be used to generate HTML rather than Prolog terms. This could be used with the first action to help write the translated website.
27. For example, the algorithm could generate a snippet of HTML code that contains translated text to be inserted into the website. I automatically completed the multistage artificial intelligence agent program requirements and, if necessary, completed stages in multiple attempts. I earned 100% in resynthesis for writing the base case, preventing bugs, including invisible ones, and avoiding commands that leaked data. I found philosophy examples for the initial and final parts of the original algorithm and their synthesis and reversed ech of these, for example, the base case in a simplification algorithm from JavaScript to Prolog makes the algorithm less ubiquitous by specifically choosing Prolog to simplify to, or in an extreme case, choicepoint-less Prolog. I prevented bugs in the resynthesis by checking the algorithm bottom-up, running tests, and using replacement commands that didn't malfunction when reversed, such as the correct direction of conversion between terms and atoms. I avoided using commands that leaked data or returned incorrect results when variables were undefined by defining a data transformation between the input and output.
28. For example, append(_,_,a) with two desired inputs and an output works with append(_,_,A) but not with append(A,_,a) when A is supposed to be _. I eliminated the singleton in the resynthesised algorithm to ensure I had all necessary inputs and outputs, and that there were no singleton arguments. I detected the singleton, prevented the singleton error, and caught it during resynthesis testing. I detected the singleton (desired solution) in the resynthesis (going over) of the Queen bug detection algorithm by applying the data structure check condition to the correct section of the code. I prevented the singleton error during resynthesis when reversing the code direction by defining each variable, thereby avoiding its effects. I caught the singleton in testing by resynthesising, intentionally inserting the singleton into the resynthesised code to find it, and replacing it with an anonymous variable _.
29. A similar example to the Queen Bug detection algorithm is the use of clear labels on parts of data structures. I used NeuroProlog to find O(1)-approximation optimisations for resynthesising Prolog programs for surgeons. First, I calculated the correct-sized pad, then inserted this result in the algorithm. In other cases, I expressed the output in terms of dependent variables. A simple formula resulting from transformations of up to the number of rows and columns in a matrix or looping subterm indices approaches O(1) complexity. Pattern-matching predicates included in subterm-index looping are append and string_concat.
30. In addition, findall and maplist may have irreducible operations on a list, and fold and recursion may have irreducible operations between list items; in both cases, irreducible operations are separated from pattern matching, and both are optimised or cancelled. I used the MNN to write the resynthesised algorithm to catch security and safety errors and help examine neuronets in education. I eliminated the lack of timings of run O(1)-approaching algorithms for security. One should safely bind and copy anonymous variables when unifying and generating algorithms that use these variables. I hand-optimised, or learned to hand-optimise, the algorithm in education by expressing it as a manual neuronet. Manual neuronets use O(1)-approaching complexity to maximally optimise and speed up neurocircuits.
31. I avoided particular paths with resynthesised algorithms (by following algorithms) to avoid unnecessary computations. The algorithms included translations, but could have included others as well. Is CI/CD needed in the age of AI agents? Is https://github. Com/luciangreen/Philosophy/tree/master/s2a Spec to Algorithm an expert system version, more likely to produce correct code or, with a big database, better or smaller than ML (more robust). What messy real-world data can’t Gaussian elimination handle?
32. I meant ML has the same output functions as MNNs, therefore can have exact inductive or other finding methods, where both have regression and OpenAI-style NeuroProlog or mathematics done by Prolog. So, if regression is allowed in MNNs (where second-generation MNNs break down neuronets by replacing Gaussian elimination in non-regression MNNs with regression), they allow breaking down processes in neuronets to be examined in education. Attention is statistical, but a manual version is mind-reading at each point to see what the reader would like to think about. VetusiaCard. Prolog graphics. Generated fill for videos, made Alex laugh, and hopped.
33. The card turns 3D, 4D and can be interacted with as a hologram outside the screen, passed to another device. Mind reading using frameworks they are interested in from earlier - a thing for them to do and have an opinion on. Modified Hyperscript to be Vetusiascript. Moving characters; give an answer at the correct time. Image, icon, or shaped object controlled to appear. Platform, 3D scenes and puzzles, text-based. Editor generators, graphic generators and diagram generators.
34. Chatbot to generate Vetusiascript, Vetusiacard. Script to do server commands (it is in Prolog or Starlog), automatic DevOps, GitL, dashboard bridge, why can't we create AI apps with databases and chatbots? 2D, 3D, 4D, advanced UI modalities. A multidimensional object is a data structure, not an algorithm. Chatbot of Academy topics. The idea is to create it.
35. Mechanism of chatbot - expert system browser (programming language of options). Like an ordinary chatbot, it can create algorithms and arguments. A chatbot has built-in reasoning (e.g., workflows or agent scripts). BASIC is needed (with a BASIC to C converter) to be faster than Prolog (i.e., logical if-thens to construct logic removed).
36. Could just remove choice points from Prolog, but BASIC is fun to learn programming with (and optimise to). I wrote the lyrics for the True Light 2 song. I wrote arguments for the use of thought editing and simulation techniques enabled by meditation. I wrapped the thoughts to connect, making a particular advantage available, an advantage in time, space or an advantage through transigency, miracle, or prayer. I innately generated thought-sustaining, criticality-angled, life-sustaining, or flow-improving thoughts using an algorithm, my mind, or keys that evoked a memory-invoking pattern or rhythm, or that initiated the needed steps to get the job done. I installed the superior simulation, which enabled true time travel, and the accompanying sense of ethical responsibility not to use it for cheating, misdemeanour, or illegality.
37. I spent years repeating degrees until I learned enough to achieve my goal. Departmental chatbot. Neurochatbot. Levitation. Keys are based on proportions. Replicators are increased.
38. Do chatbot sentence 16ks for students. Need a chatbot to generate algorithms, do cs assignments, and work in a single day. Security 16k breasonings, do medicine Coursera, do a chatbot for Coursera (16k) for each different day in the simulation, automatically. 16k for decisions, checking text correctness based on the chatbot. Take care of bots, such as school them. See a doctor about fisetin.
39. Work out what nutrients to eat. Attack the school problem (school is better than uni because a small class would do more assignments). Prolog to C without logical loops. Use NeuroStarlog, chatbot and now CAW in Lucian CI/CD. Use NLP in NSL with a programming language and mind-reading to capture nuances and ensure the chatbot does exactly what it should - mind-reading available as a metadata log. Subterm with address in ~O(1) formulas.
40. Stwa([_],[a,b,c],[[[1,1],a],[[1,2],b],[[1,3],c]]). Stwa_add2item(+In,+Add,-Item). I:[a,b,c,d,e]. O:[a,c,e]. Stwa([_],[a,b,c],[[[1,1],a],[[1,2],b],[[1,3],c]]). Numlist(1,3,A),
41. Stwa([_],[a,b,c,d,e],In), C is findall(B,B is stwa_add2item(In,[1,2*member_1(A)-1])). C=[a,c,e]. Label odd numbers 2n-1, even 2n. memoises the abcde-ace pair if reused. [1,i] is the address of the i'th item in the list, [1,1,i] is the address of the i'th item in the first list in the list of lists.
42. May have diagonals; set number(s) in the address, changing positions with a matrix op on the address (knight's tour) and list item numbers with polynomial formulas. Better or simpler formulas, like 2n-1, are computed using Gaussian elimination, which is also used to identify relationships in the initial data to generate enough pairs to put into the matrix and find the solutions. We need to know whether sum(1, N) equals +1, given sum(1, 2, 3) = 4, to check a wider range of values. Indices of a,c, and e may be referred to in further levels, indices reused in other ways or used in formulas or increased later in the same level. Instead of a, b, c (1, 3, 5), we may calculate 1 + 3 + 5 = 9.
43. Parenthesised make higher-order logic, terms or predicate calls. NeuroStarlog. Spec to Algorithm, or existing algorithm, is possible, or own algorithm switch, applying to matrix computations from variable-pattern transformations from a list of matrix transformations, or irreducible non-pattern, often mathematical computations of a converted or generated algorithm. Spec-to-Algorithm should be considered even when optimising/converting an algorithm to improve efficiency, without losing important details such as required computations, security or safety checks, or other critical checks. Spec to Algorithm needs a new feature to substitute clause data structure data for "a's" to properly generate grammars. If there is a disjunctive instruction in the query or implied by a past similar algorithm, then it should be replaced by a, or b, etc.
44. In another (or rather, this) algorithm, if it is in conjunction. Spec-to-Algorithm can also find predicates with irreducible commands, where base cases and sets of unique penultimate (recursive) steps are detected from trace data or the required output. This data is needed when generating an algorithm, but it may also reveal a simpler algorithm by unfolding an existing one. Possible criticality should be used when determining if similar processes should be reused or deleted. NeuroStarlog optimises algorithms into matrix computations, derived from variable-pattern transformations and irreducible, non-pattern-containing, often mathematical computations. It combines Spec to Algorithm to reshape algorithms from I/O or unfolding, in particular patterns and irreducible non-patterns, the semantics of NeuroProlog, which used regression-less Gaussian elimination to compress pattern transformations without data loss (either S2A or NeuroProlog should be chosen, depending on which one has better results), and the syntax of Starlog, which includes nested predicate calls and method chaining, the sum effect of which is optimising, then removing unnecessary computations by expressing Starlog in terms of final commands.
45. Perhaps NeuroProlog doesn't need further optimisations, such as LLVM, the fastest optimisations, or optimisation dictionaries, because S2A and NP contain strict enough rules to exclude them. Approximations are optional and are used to reduce complexity, but at the cost of accuracy. Human language simplifications in labels, etc. Need to be processed by possibly regression neuronets for performance, but manual neuronets are being investigated here. Clarify qualitative checks and when to consider S2A or NP with ChatGPT. Does ChatGPT agree with the S2A/NP fork and these ideas, or does it have suggestions?
46. Predicate for displaying and collecting menu choices. Prolog Interpreter in JavaScript for running memory-intensive algorithms. Aren't both NeuroPrologs popular because matrices are LLM's weak spot, and irreducible commands are in terms of matrices or just processes? In OpenAI's NeuroProlog, matrices are the LLM's weak spot, and the LLM handles irreducible commands using them. In Green's Neuro(soon to be Star)log, matrices are used for variable pattern transformations, and irreducible commands, often mathematical ones, are just processes. Starlog optimises syntax while NeuroProlog optimises the semantics.
47. Support strings in algorithms Lucian CI/CD. OS approaches O(1). Business OS is spec->algorithm. It is in pl2js or the Vetusia converter (Prolog to web Prolog), so it accesses the server, uploads files, performs file operations, manages memory, and runs interpreters. Vetusia Converter Editor - may prefer to hand-edit Prolog, but a chatbot could take past Prolog files and modify them.
48. Produce an LMS, produce an LMS with a creative algorithm editor (takes the user's past and current (that they will have just entered) algorithm dictionaries and rapidly prototypes an) algorithm based on qa that they design - a chatbot query sums Aa1*Ba1+Ab2*Bb2+Ac3*Bc3. With dependent variables ranging from A to B, and approaches O(1) with it. The editor should deal with pipes connecting formulas and user data, i.e., connect or load repositories as modules and build on existing repositories by understanding them rather than starting again or not modifying or building on functions in a well-constructed manner.
49. Gaussian elimination should deal with all possibilities or be built to prepare to do this. The chatbot should confirm that its queries are in formal logical form, possibly with an intermediate form (or the lack of one if the chatbot is advanced enough). Chatbot/editor should keep working notes or be able to work out what its algorithm is derived from to incorporate changes or other dependent variables. The chatbot should write the Lucian CI/CD algorithm to handle virtual files using the VFS repository. Chatbot to create Lucian CI/CD IO algorithms with predicate headers, each step (command) of the way it works out, then simplifies to predicates where there is recursion or code reuse. Vetusia 3D creates working machines, computers, simulations and robots from queries and plans.
50. Chatbot 4D models multidimensional science and technology discoverers and marketing results (even manifests bot) in the simulation and recreates them in the world. Ideal universe. An immortal robot can return to a state of rest when they want to avoid a feeling of being let down and reset to be immortal (she is the/her product). Replace AI agents with exact spec-meeting with Spec to Algorithm, MNNs and Starlog in DevOps. Attempts to satisfy your spec, eliminating unexpected changes and hallucinations, and making changing from what you have expected to what you want easier. Leaving the simulation hostel for the apartment requires spiritual money.
