["Green, L 2024, <i>New Sales 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"New Sales 4

1. The salesperson wrote unwritten programs for a language, focusing on simulated intelligence that automatically wrote code in a CI/CD tool and its language that processed particular repositories, mimicking a computer screen (container) in the browser. I measured the speed of different commands. I found the bottlenecks in the code. Duplicate predicates, non-multithreaded code or uncompiled code, caused these. In addition, I wrote a utility that scanned code for incompatible commands with a platform and downloaded them on installation.
2. The salesperson learned skills from experience in writing philosophy algorithms. I demonstrated creativity in writing commands. The whole computer was simulated and could safely run open-source software without touching the users’ files. I wrote the interpreter, Shell and the intraweb (sic). The web could connect to other containers.
3. The salesperson recognised patterns to turn into commands. I wrote subterm with address after discovering that a list of lines was faster to access than matrix cells. I could simulate a graphical screen. I could test programs drew to the screen correctly. I could also simulate the printer (using a print-to-file method, e.g. HTML) and test programs that printed.
4. The salesperson generated the first 4*50 As on the computer from the future to keep it. I wrote the necessary new commands. I wrote a program that automatically compiled programs before running them, calculated the likely run time of a multithreaded algorithm and taught assembly programming using a simple interpreter. I protected the folder’s contents from accidentally being deleted by including the correct folder’s name in the command. I indicated 4*50 high distinctions using a thought command on the future computer to remain youthful outwardly.
5. The salesperson used the programs they specified on the future computer, completing their backlog of work. The user was encouraged to shorten the Prolog code. I survived power blackouts, saved power and spiritually dictated commands to the computer. I could breason out letters and words of texts I had written that were automatically transcribed by the machine, find and write new connections, see graphics spiritually and appear to use a spiritual computer. The future computer tuned my computer’s mind-reading, used for music composition, and helped me with rote learning.
6. The salesperson only wrote future-compatible algorithms. I could expand the Prolog code into C. I found each possible set of predicates that could be completed concurrently. Then, I found the next set that depended on these. I guessed values from previous runs to run both sets concurrently.

7. The salesperson replaced permanent insertions with tokens that were already there. In addition, I aimed to finish the details (algorithms) automatically with the software I had written. I questioned whether Lucian CI/CD needed to make comma insertions manually or whether giving repeating tokens different numbers was enough, and I decided on the former. Commas as insertions allow zero to all commas to be inserted to form combinations. I simplified Lucian CI/CD with Lucian CI/CD.
8. The salesperson more easily removed sequences, leading to unused variables or not needing to compare or output values with long-form Prolog. I attended to bugs with minimal changes. Lucian CI/CD similarly represented facts, rules and predicates to avoid missing one in processing. I wrote Lucian CI/CD to collect and then process the data (collecting the related predicate calls in one call). I converted Prolog to C-style long-form Prolog, which localised globals and sped the algorithm up, and I checked the writeln and file output as predicate output.
9. The salesperson explained that inspecting a variable command after it had run was possible in long-form Prolog. I competed with research. Long-form Prolog avoided the expensive interpreter loop and sped up Prolog. I encoded function names as strings, arity as a value and data structure names as codes to enable higher-order programming in long-form Prolog. Usually, data structures are passed directly to variables, but in higher-order programming, the function name, arity and data structure name are encoded and called this way, or when they are given in the algorithm, higher-order programming is simplified.
10. The salesperson compiled each of their Prolog algorithms, including CAW, the interpreters, the spell-checker, Text to Breasonings (to earn jobs, sell products, produce quantum energy, display spiritual screens, time travel or become immortal), Lucian Academy (including Grammar Logic and Essay Helper), Music Composer, Cultural Translation Tool, the Prolog converters and mind-reading to long-form (not requiring the interpreter) and then to C for speed. The designer predicted the trajectory of the complexity. The predictor compensated for “complexity restarts”, for example, translation in the algorithm. It calculated the complexity from the specification. It identified the algorithm, suggesting more straightforward approaches that met the planned complexity.
11. The salesperson inserted a newline before and after “:-” and before the full stop in Lucian CI/CD to keep the predicate header and each command by itself. The algorithm helper suggested alternatives. Instead of the first comma in “a:-b,c,d.” being permanent, I changed it to an insertion. The first comma in a level of commands would be altered in this way. This change meant that b, c or d could each be kept or deleted by Lucian CI/CD. 
12. The salesperson put the input and output of dynamic predicates, writeln and files in the predicate header to check with Lucian CI/CD. I satisfied the student by absorbing the unabridged version of their algorithm. It might simulate C loops in Prolog, use Prolog commands to simulate arrays and trees or allow them to protect their home character from ageing when they need to run an algorithm using a future computer during a blackout. Using verbose C-style programming relied on faster methods, so it had better performance. Many predicates in List Prolog Interpreter and State Saving Interpreter could be corrected and simplified.
13. The salesperson wrote predicates as part of the main predicate to eliminate poor flow of thought, similar to Lambda expressions. I took care of the unabridged version of the algorithm. The unabridged form was the long form of the algorithm, which replaced non-determinism with loops. It was necessary to convert from a simpler Prolog to a long-form to eliminate complexity. Simpler Prolog reused predicates, put predicates in the main predicate if they had no recursion and eliminated reused intermediate predicates.
14. The salesperson imagined their algorithm as art. I sped up my Prolog web algorithm by compiling it. The non-Just in time (entirely compiled) code was run using the Prolog interpreter. I used the Just in Time compiler to compile as much of the code as possible. The web browser’s limited memory only allowed short texts to be passed between pages, so data should be compressed.
15. The salesperson predicted and wrote the seen-as version for the work ahead of schedule, matching what was needed. The computer predicted the student’s thoughts. The mind reader could avoid errors in paraphrasing, choose Grammar Logic (GL) highlights, choose combinations of philosophies to write about in an essay and choose the direction and content to meet this direction in an essay. Still, Lucian CI/CD could eliminate redundant algorithm features. I mind-answered intelligent questions, such as making summaries, choosing random questions for a quiz, honing PhD perspectives on an idea, and then choosing unusual GL words to inspire a new algorithm (like music). GL could help generate hypothesised students’ and critics’ questions and possible answers, help write reviews and make decisions about marking and selecting.
16. The salesperson breasoned out the answer’s sanctuary, encouraging the student to use it. I satisfied the criterion. I increased the most straightforward thought. Findall was simpler than maplist. Once the student was prepared, they could think of the highest-quality thoughts.
17. The salesperson could read errors and the algorithm’s output without the clutter of warnings. I cleared the way for sharp thoughts. I eliminated discontiguous and singleton warnings by solving them. By avoiding running algorithms in containers in algorithms by preventing predicate name/arity duplication, I improved performance. I renamed variables when I moved code into the main predicate of an algorithm.
18. The salesperson claimed that GitL allowed writing code oneself and that Lucian CI/CD contained a version control system. I had noumenal (exact) thoughts. I wrote my texts, taking ten years to create a major at the institution. Interpreters, which were hard to visualise, indicated the possibility that many types of programs were best positioned in the institution. The pure mathematician became a Prolog professor and could visualise complex algorithms.
19. The salesperson differentiated mind-mapped specifications and applied their best ideas to each of them in ten parts. The necessary thoughts were in-order plans for the method to program the algorithm. Physics was a good topic for the founder of the institution and the philosophy writing lecturer. The algorithms appeared automatically, and the student devised a system that completed them, possibly better than a complicated algorithm. The answer was the maplist and predicate mind-reader, program finder with types and a spiritual word processor that accepted commands such as “=” and “sort”.
20. The salesperson appreciated that small, practical changes in Prolog led to fewer necessary changes in C. I wrote incisive comments to change the algorithm naturally. For example, I used two reverses to solve “use” dependencies in Lucian CI/CD, achieving bottom-up order. This method prevented all, not some pathways to the bottom of the dependency chart being tested. Lucian CI/CD tested each predicate bottom-up so that all predicates below a predicate were tested before it.
21. The salesperson found whether a predicate returned a single or multiple results. I categorised the algorithm. I tagged the algorithm’s complexity, its inherent skills, its method, uses and incompleted uses. I checked it worked, was well-written and how many predicates used it and how many it used. I wrote an algorithm to rate and make suggestions about software.
22. The salesperson aimed for immortality, space travel, simulations and fast computers. I thought of a future use for the algorithm. I listed future technologies I had written about. I connected the algorithm to each one, for example, mind-reading, text to breasonings, multithreading and compilation. The hardware was customised for the software, with a smaller instruction set.

23. The salesperson found the main contention of the complete study area regarding their argument. I wrote software that helped me mind map the multiplicity of each sentence. I chose a small idea to analyse, set up sliders, and analyse their properties.
24. The salesperson chatted with the chatbot to help coordinate mind-reading the PhDs. I offered “corporate computer science” to education students. Computer science should be at the core of areas of study taught by education graduates, and corporates put the bar up to challenge them. The moral of the story was type-checking. I checked the current idea, which was broken down by the skills needed to understand it, and checked these off.
25. The salesperson wrote continental in terms of analytical philosophy, really writing about algorithms occasionally. I argued that the algorithm was written correctly. Only a few combinations of the student’s ideas were necessary to capture their attention. I used the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) to reconnect their language. I asked analytic questions to increase my understanding of their arguments and algorithms, such as auto-analytic side finders and polemic creators. The algorithm accompanied the first two times with suspenseful music and imagery and helped the third to succeed, with a single object as the seen-as version.
26. The salesperson funnelled three or more mind-reading signals into writing or word processing a command. I verified all input and predicate data. I used types to check the input and output of predicates. I traced the types through the predicate, potentially correcting mismatches with mind-reading. I first tried pattern type matching, then unpredictable (sort or search) type matching with CAW or a neuronetwork, and then mind-reading the entry of new algorithms or connections to match types.
27. The salesperson accelerated debugging with automatic type fixing. I explained that data within a predicate must be checked to find type and programming errors, whereas debugging usually finds type errors. I listed the types of errors to debug. I realised a mistake related to needing a new feature, which could be mind-read or manually entered. I wrote and identified why a menu was needed to standard out, usually in an information bureau or a system requiring run-time input.
28. The salesperson found more at the top. I multiplied my results to give 80 items. I thought of the idea in itself. I thought of a reason to be. I thought of enough ideas per assignment as a founder.
29. The salesperson inserted a call to another predicate to call the API to check its input and output. I stated that types checked API call data. I checked, and the API was functioning normally. If its output changed, I checked it and updated my type statement. I noted that Lucian CI/CD kept the API call if the data could be checked. In addition, I updated my test.
30. The salesperson type-checked the file data. Again, I created a predicate to read the file and check the input and output. I wrote a virtual operating system that could test files in a container. I could undo deletions and keep a log of commands that I ran. It sped up testing and didn’t require pauses by the operating system to authenticate files.
31. The salesperson replaced part of the types with values to increase the checking accuracy. I type-checked user input. As I had done before, I wrote a predicate to take user input and type-checked its input and output. I wrote a custom predicate that identified the file and line number of the standard to read user input from and check the types. I checked the content with a specification.
32. The salesperson stated that commands generally checked types. The command checked the types, variables, string terms and values of its input and output. In addition, I checked that variables were the same and different in the right places, identifying and fixing when they were incorrect. Otherwise, I checked that the data was the same and different in the right places. I identified and fixed when they were incorrect.
33. The salesperson wrote and tracked the version of the API. I checked the types and values of API call data, as well as the types, variables, string terms or grammars, and values of APIs’ input and output. String grammars were mathematical functions, xfy or xyf functions, or other non-terms. API calls must be identified to check their exact output or input only.
34. The salesperson stated that the infrastructure as a service (to make sure the container’s attributes were replicable) ran the interpreter as an operating system with a virtual file system, debugged it using snapshots, loaded the files at the start, and saved them at the end. I checked the file data types and values. I checked the file by its name, line, and time step. I algorithmised these factors if they were dependent on other variables. In addition, their creation and modification date stamps were considered.
35. The salesperson considered simple rather than more extended changes in Prolog. I checked the user input’s types and values. I wrote a custom predicate to check the input with a chatbot. I checked the sensicalness (sic), grammar, the viability of a sentence or value algorithm specification, or whether the question was ethical (and helped the students complete it themselves if needed). I safety-checked the data and limited amounts or called a manager if necessary.
36. The salesperson wrote an algorithm compatible with the future because it was simple, didn’t rely on software or hardware from the time and was necessary for everyone. I mind-mapped the course. The simulation entertained and educated the person. They had a universal pension and access to disability support, medicine and education. I focused on the first thought in philosophy and interpreted it generally (as future perfect).
37. The salesperson tested the course for viability (enjoyment) and sales. I tested the course. I used a chatbot to test the course for different ages and year levels, disability statuses, complexity of thought, language and literacy ability, background (their experience, education and socio-cultural status), and interest in the course. In addition to the software/course prompts, I tested the ease of use of the algorithm’s graphical/user interface. I checked for non-discriminatory and inclusive language about people’s age, disability, marital or domestic partner status, the identity of their spouse or partner, pregnancy (or potential pregnancy), family responsibilities, association with a child (in the provision of goods, services or accommodation) and breastfeeding.
38. The salesperson considered whether the software or testers needed changing. The education tester tested the algorithm. The algorithm was researchable if it was testable. I researched the variables, correlations and statistics of the algorithm’s use. I mapped the pathways users took through the documentation and software and asked users reasons for their choices as they made them.

39. The salesperson stated that the teaching tester tested the algorithm. If asked for the sum of n 1’s, I replied n. The general algorithm for this was to evaluate formulas using a formula finder, using more straightforward data. I stated that reverse(reverse(l))=l. Again, I verified that simple data worked, then proved this with an involutional graph in which abscissas (x coordinate) and ordinates (y coordinate) were reflected in y=x.
40. The salesperson approached themselves with GL. The business tester tested the algorithm. I chose wisely to generate breasonings with the Grammar-Logic (GL) program. I needed to write and be familiar with my texts to earn roles. I listened to the feedback of my computing client (me) and implemented recommendations.
41. The salesperson was cautious with the diff algorithm and improved it so it included only changes. The tester tested the algorithm. The real test was to write and understand the algorithms to help oneself become immortal. I simplified algorithms to the variables needed and, wrote the minimum transformations and clauses required. I rewrote the cycle algorithm to work without findall, using the non-long-interpreter loop and long-form C-style Prolog code.
42. The salesperson answered how to represent the high distinction. Volunteer students learned about philosophy. I attracted students interested in the history and philosophy of computing, including new connections when planning and creating algorithms, finding new levels in their lives and being given the freedom to be themselves. I found the highest quality of life during the finance subject of my MBA. I became aware of the power of intelligence, letting it supplement and improve me.
43. The salesperson welcomed the Computational Golden Age. Experienced teachers taught and assessed the students. I counted that n^m ideas were possible with m combinants, with n sentences. By even writing a short book of fifty high distinctions, I could generate more than 4*50 high distinctions. I could complete, support and achieve my goals.
44. The salesperson asked registrants questions that tested their knowledge of the latest research and algorithms. Business people found the students. I wrote letters to possible students. I noted their changes of interest, highs, and direction. I wrote on gold leaf, perfumed with guava perfume and patterned with natural divinity.
45. The salesperson reached up to succeed. Business people found the teachers. I was a writer, an actor, a philosopher. They were the supporters and the leaders. The former group was happy to trick, while the latter was definitive.
46. The salesperson used emotional, whole-life and meditation (temporal and self-based) mind-reading to improve the accuracy of mind-reading. Business people found others in the Academy. I related State Saving Interpreter to a mind-word processor used in mind reading. I specialised in creating new ideas in algorithms, such as choosing a particular value or delimiter to make an insertion. The compiler was speeding up.
47. The salesperson flattened the tree into a list. I helped fund education. I partially evaluated the Prolog algorithm using the query. If possible, I fully evaluated the result using the query. If this was impossible, I evaluated as much as possible, saving time.
48. The salesperson sold education support. I emulated the mathematical manipulation software, which required entering formulas and steps. This also worked in set theory, logic, language, and programming. I avoided cheating and encouraged students to hand in creative solutions instead of answering the question. If they failed, they had at least tried.
49. When generating predicates, the salesperson noticed how the number of variables related to the number of clauses. I sold education courses. To emulate neuronetworks, I identified the types of types (grammars, hierarchies or other relations), the relation between input and output, used a program finder with types and used my database to help with unpredictable code (and a program finder to create new starting points, such as a converter from a comma into an insertion in diff), I wrote code explainers, hinters and ways of thinking that each breasoning or predicate posed for every other predicate. I wrote and simplified long algorithms using my wits and wrote interpreters and converters from languages to C and assembly for each type of architecture. I worked top-down on long algorithms, using program finder with types for predictable code and databases and CAW for unpredictable code.
50. The salesperson performed a job because it gave him a reason for money, promoted full brain potential and health, and engaged him with research and higher intelligence. I sold education books. I only sold what I wrote. I wrote specialised neuronetworks that had longer algorithms and sentences describing them. I used my neuronetwork, as others used theirs, to complete my areas of study.
51. The salesperson wrote an algorithm to identify repeating information, explain complex ideas or help a disadvantaged or minority student understand ideas. I sold support for the algorithms. Philosophy, humanities, science, jobs and education could be reduced to algorithm tutorials and use. I wrote an algorithm that is used in various sectors. I helped students with the most straightforward Prolog algorithm; then, they were helped to modify it to a long form and add needed features, bypassing the Prolog interpreter.
52. The salesperson wrote, simplified and explained algorithms in a step-by-step manner, encouraging thinking of points to add features to. I taught students how to use algorithms. I helped the student write the algorithm using similar models, hints, mind reading, projection, high distinctions and revision. Then, they were asked to apply it to different data, problems and algorithms, including those from other departments. They modified them, applied them to their ideas and applied critical thinking and new perspectives, such as optimisation.
53. The salesperson stated that the algorithm to find the point of philosophy was to connect multiplicity and the knowledge of developedness. I sold books about the philosophy of the algorithms. I covered the noumena of the algorithm, including whether it was as simple as possible, its limitations, better alternatives and its performance. I applied other algorithms, combinations of algorithms and novel philosophical ideas to them. I tested and taught noteworthy hybrid algorithms.
54. The salesperson ordered their ideas and explored them logically. I planned my time. I calculated how long it would take to apply an idea to my other ideas and multiplied this by the number of ideas. These ideas did not include new ideas and combinations.

55. The salesperson compiled Prolog to assembly code. I taught subjects as blocks and explained the simple CPU. It moved data around differently between its parts for different commands. This data movement was the basis of the assembly code.
56. The salesperson explained that the short-form Prolog code contained, for example, member instead of an exhaustive predicate (that searched through all possibilities), and the intermediate code was basically assembly code in Prolog, with macro calls inserted. There was one subject at a time. I explained each CPU component and its relations. I wrote simple assembly macros to complete valuable tasks. I recognised the need for these macros and inserted them in the intermediate short-form Prolog code.
57. The salesperson preferred to be mind read and feel like their neurons had failed, then built the descendant, diff and cycle algorithms. I intensively taught in the block subject. I found short form from specs using a version of Program Finder with Types (PFT) that found short form, or, for example, member or append instead of a predicate that found all the solutions at the start and looped the algorithm through them. PFT first found the long form of descendant, then Program Finder with Types in Short Form (PFT-SF) found descendant = (parent; (parent, descendant)) (see Sales: New Sales 3.5). A shorter version of this process would recognise the pattern of all children of a descendant in the tree and match this to a pre-saved algorithm. Finding the short form from specs immediately was more intuitive, using a neuronetwork or decision tree with mathematical types.
58. The salesperson wrote a macro to add numbers, which converted them to micro (binary) form. I found the intermediate code, which contained the loops and structures of assembly code and macros (shortcuts). Intermediate code took long-form code as its precursor, which contained loops. All the loops were nested in the algorithm and could be converted into assembly code with loops and subroutines. Macros performed mathematical, logical and list-related operations. Later, the interpreter compiled the algorithm and these macros into assembly code, where different CPUs had different assembly codes.
59. The salesperson achieved their goal, like a professor. I taught one project in block subjects. It went on for longer, and there were two projects. I studied one subject at a time, giving me time to focus on the workload. The competition ensured one high-flyer.
60. The salesperson invested more effort in the block subject. The failure rate fell in the block subject. The students felt close to the staff, helping the failure rate fall. In addition, the zest for quality teaching contributed to this result. The ability to think separately from the writer came from a synthesis (making connections between unrelated sentences) and learning from one's experience, yielding greater confidence in pedagogy.
61. The salesperson modified their and the students' algorithms. The professor had enough resources to meet the students' expectations. They had a practicum of 4*50 high distinctions for each assignment. They could use this practicum to write further high distinctions when students performed well. The PhDs and onwards prepared for one or more predicates.
62. The salesperson realised that by writing 50 high distinctions, they were supported in writing further 50s. A pedagogical criterion, computer science prepares the student for writing high distinctions. The philosophy student became accustomed to writing more in Computational English. There was a practicum for Computational English in the degree. There were segways into mathematics and physics.
63. The salesperson needed 0 words in the word processing suggestions. In addition to computer science, philosophy was another criterion for high distinctions. \"Pedagogy\" was recognised for following, writing, and helping with high distinctions. The chatbot seemed to feature the writer's content. The philosophy writing algorithm mind-read the student, only writing what they wrote and helping.
64. The salesperson queued and guessed choice points about the content. Students seemed interested in asking more questions. They were involved in workshops that involved active thinking, discussion, and questions. I drew diagrams of musical relationships, connected arguments and recorded algorithm ideas. The CPU queued and guessed branches.
65. The salesperson completed key assignments to perform their mission. I focused on completing the assignment. I made notes as I read the specification. I found answers to my questions, including consulting with staff. The tutor checked how I was progressing with my work by checking that I understood the prerequisite knowledge for ideas and that I was making headway with my ideas.
66. The salesperson found writing light, breasoning heavy and the text to breasoning algorithm light. I remembered the needed details between classes. I made a special effort to write down interdisciplinary or relevant directions after class. The main goal was writing. Years or decades later, I graduated and became interested in writing pedagogical essays. I developed details for the next stage.
67. The salesperson found reasons and uses for a reason. I claimed that everything revolved around details. I wrote algorithm specifications. I could complete these later, and students and users analysed and used them. Every line had its philosophy and could be connected to every other line.
68. The salesperson said the food was sold at Zum's and was offered to the students. I argued that block subjects held a higher value than non-block subjects. The block subjects were of better quality regarding student knowledge retention, memory, and enjoyment. I kept the Hobart computer tutorial materials in the spare room of the internet café. The manager took almost perfect care of them, and I enjoyed the danishes.
69. I viewed the sights and sounds of Hobart, then returned. Students preferred to listen to intensively taught classes. As soon as I worked out I could receive the pension, I returned to Melbourne. I felt better with therapy and looked back, thankfully, at Matt from Scripture Union and Centrelink. I wish I could have kept in touch.
70. The salesperson said that the subject was better designed than not. I felt like moving on, so I visited Hobart to see Raph Rish. I was interested in developing Conglish and teaching web design, so I discussed these with Raph. When they finished, he encouraged me to attend Christ College at the University. Looking back, I am happy to be actively involved in my academy while finishing my business studies.

71. The salesperson tested understanding and memory, which helped apply the idea. The block subject had marking criteria. The students understood the function of each predicate for each algorithm. They were taught and explained or demonstrated how it worked with an activity. Memorisation was the highest quality thing and could be examined.
72. The salesperson collected and paraphrased students’ opinions on a topic. The block subject had an expected word count. The tutorial split into groups, and the questions were discussed. The tutor walked around, listened and commented. The students took notes and included these in their essays.
73. The salesperson stated that Lucian CI/CD’s philosophy was writing a system that used the students’ ideas to improve writing. The block subject gave examples. The algorithms were not too difficult, and the students felt they had understood them. Their parts were short and detailed, so they were appropriate for essays. Like other works, the times moved on, and the algorithms became a historical record, studied as a source of philosophies.
74. The salesperson only included the algorithms they wrote. The block subject gave anti-examples (examples of what not to include in essays). These ideas related to medicine, particularly food, became part of the contention. An anti-example of Lucian CI/CD was using non-current ideas (such as one’s archives or others of one’s algorithms) to help with development. The teacher considered setting basic predicates such as diff and merge, asking students to simplify them sequentially, and writing a plug-in that included these algorithms when needed.
75. The salesperson ran Lucian CI/CD to integrate the algorithms’ parts. I explained why the examples were better than anti-examples. When Lucian CI/CD didn’t need non-current predicates, it was better to use combinations of immediate past and current code because it could debug annoying combinations or bottlenecks in development. Assuming a combination of the code was the simplest possible, sets of predicates could be debugged, and the algorithm would be built based on that. Teams could paste their drafts together, and Lucian CI/CD could find a working combination based on the tests.
76. The salesperson connected details in the essay. I delved deeper into the algorithmic possibilities. I noticed the possibilities in the research. I searched for and published a new possibility. It was connected to my overarching argument.
77. The salesperson covered the advanced chip commands, including fast Prolog. I explained that the assembly language interpreter could save in assembly. The comments and original code were saved separately. The simple chip could operate on binary numbers and treat alphabetic characters as numbers, but it ultimately printed characters directly. Otherwise, it would not be easy to print strings in custom fonts.
78. The salesperson loaded the assembly code in the interpreter editor. I edited the source code as a text file, ran the assembly code line by line, tracked the values of registers and memory pigeonholes, and treated the code as a normal program, debugging it with tests in Lucian CI/CD.
79. The salesperson developed a chip of the future and emulated it (and wrote binary addition in terms of logic gate addition). The assembly code was compiled in Prolog and ran on any system. It was faster when compiled. I could customise the commands by adding more complicated commands. These could be in assembly code and act like macros.
80. The salesperson suggested much smaller computational circuitry than an atom. I claimed that native code is fast because it is in assembly code. Assembly was more rapid than C because it was optimised. In addition, an optimised chip was even quicker because it used the latest algorithms. I started with a fast chip, then made it faster.
"]