["Green, L 2024, <i>New Sales 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"New Sales 2

1. After checking with the user, the salesperson modified the main file settings. I assumed all files in a repository were called by the main file when using Lucian CI/CD. Another algorithm worked out which files were the main files. It also worked out the main predicates. It worked out any missing main files and predicates from the existing settings.
2. The salesperson negated the main file settings and scanned all the code for main files and predicates. Any repositories that called a predicate were tested. These predicates were listed in the main file settings. The find dependencies algorithm found these predicates. These predicates required tests and were automatically added to the test.
3. The salesperson checked a predicate met a type check. I used List Prolog Package Manager dependencies to produce an error if a predicate wasn’t found. When Lucian CI/CD couldn’t find a predicate, it looked around the repositories to find it. Then, Lucian CI/CD added the repository to the list of dependencies. This action was done on a predicate not found error.
4. The salesperson first sold books. I pointed to free online books. I uploaded my books to free book websites. I made a QR code pointing to the website. I gave students the QR code.
5. The salesperson helped the students with their specific skills. I gave multiple questionnaires on clipboards. I could achieve any goal I wanted. This goal included helping others. Other people fed off it, increasing their skills.
6. The salesperson watched who was taking the product. I cold-called or sold courses on the street. I needed an excellent presentation. I had credentials. I assembled better lists or more attractive offers.
7. The salesperson said it was good; they could understand it and only needed the fact, not long. I designed the software box with a USB drive for different systems. The software box was designed to attract attention and interest. I imagined a List Prolog interpreter software box would look like a long list. Because the USB drive didn’t exist, I pointed to a website or app.
8. The salesperson detailed what they wrote. I brought a plastic sheet for the box of books. Books were attractive to keep and read. I made it attractive to read the books for specific purposes and the reason of need. They needed a detailed specialisation and a degree.
9. The salesperson listed the operations and converted them with each converter. I converted +, -, and other processes with the List Prolog to Prolog converter. I also converted * and /. I converted mathematical functions. I converted the list.
10. The salesperson started with a text-entry game. I made the Vetusia game for the web by running Prolog with variables saved. There were inventory, map, and move history variables. This engine was scaled down, which wasn’t held down by a large stack. I made an engine with a menu of buttons for different commands.
11. The salesperson saved the game, including an album of images of the game for their history of work. The Vetusia engine could run other web apps. It could take a script of the algorithm and display text, ask for and process input and had a single “background” rather than recursive algorithms. It could change the background colours, the window title and the design of the screen. There could be a section for the start of the game and the game itself.
12. The salesperson copied parts of the body in architecture. I used an algorithm like music composition mind reading for algorithms. I mind-read the creative algorithm, with parameters such as three or four details along parts of a departmental line. These algorithms could encompass art, architecture and design. Art filled boxes until they reached the edge, architecture mixed use, and art and design wanted good design.
13. The salesperson said the unique selling proposition was economical. There were 1000 algorithms in 1000 sentences. This number of algorithms was enough for an institution. I wrote the sentences. I generated the institutions, money and As.
14. The salesperson wrote the theory, which the algorithmic person interpreted. I completed creating each department. The younger students needed language and other competency with the philosophical texts, which were modified to be more interesting. There was a seen-as version and moral for them. There were stories and music.
15. The salesperson wrote all the details. Our company had texts and professional requirements. It was enough to do the work in itself. The details for the sentence’s 4*50 As came from research, famousness, and the student’s best ideas. The top people who would write 4*50 As per sentence were helped with 4*50 As per sentence.
16. The salesperson ran the script and went to bed. I ran tests for a predicate with another to see if they were the same. I tested the first predicate with the test. I tried the second predicate with this test. If they both passed, then they did the same thing.

17. The salesperson used vectorisation for image or audio processing, data compression and decompression, matrix operations, simulation and number computing, physical and scientific simulations, particle simulations, games and signal processing. I incorporated the Rust optimisation vectorisation in Cutest Prolog, which operated on a list of numbers with a scalar. This operation may be 2 plus each of 1, 2 and 3. Or it may be 2 minus each of 1, 2 and 3. Or it may be 3 multiplied by 1, 2 and 3. Or, this may be 4 divided by 1, 2 and 3.
18. The salesperson converted values separately from processing them. I used the function specialisation optimisation, which made number types specific and replaced function calls with function bodies. If a chain of variables were i32 numbers, they could be made generic. Then, they could be replaced with f64 numbers. A function could convert the types if there were a conversion to another number type.
19. The salesperson passed the variable, which used to be a global variable, between functions. I used the stack allocation optimisation to store small and brief objects in the function rather than as a global. I identified the variable as small or used during a function or set of functions. I stored it in the function’s or functions’ memory rather than as a global. It was unadvisable if the variable was reused outside the function.
20. The salesperson used graph colouring, where nodes depicted variables and edges meant conflicts (variables that shouldn’t be assigned to the same register), colouring it so that no two adjacent nodes had the same colour, deallocation of unused variables, using spilling heuristics when the maximum number of registers has been reached, such as usage frequency and impact on performance and architecture-specific optimisation, which is specific to the number and type of registers available, to save memory. I used the register allocation optimisation, which handled the CPU’s register, which was limited in number, and performed operations to minimise memory access and speed up the algorithm. There were limited registers in the CPU. The intermediate code, which contained references to virtual registers, needed to be changed to refer to the limited number of physical registers. Register allocation is needed to allocate the registers to minimise spilling or memory access, which is a form of optimisation.
21. The salesperson customises the intermediate code for the architecture. I converted C to machine code. It was like a chicken and egg problem to write the first compiler in machine code, which had no compiler to write it. I wrote the programming language and C code for it. I wrote an algorithm that converted it to machine code and tested it.
22. The salesperson tested that the C compiler’s machine code worked and ran. I wrote the machine code interpreter. It pretty-printed routines and allowed notes describing them. I tested out specific subroutines with data. I included branch prediction and register allocation.
23. The salesperson allowed any variable to be mutable in Cutest Prolog, ready to be converted to C. I included mutable variables in List Prolog. They were introduced when Cute Prolog was converted to Cutest Prolog with mutable or changeable variables and C-like loops. An example of a mutable is A=4 and A=5. In this example, the value of A, 4 is replaced with 5.
24. The salesperson mentioned that Cute Prolog came before Cutest Prolog and removed cut, multiple clauses and choice points. I converted Cutest Prolog to C. For example, the Prolog code
numbers(5,1,[],Ns),findall(_,(member(N,Ns),writeln(N)),_).
was converted to Cutest Prolog:
int(I),
for(I=0,I<5,pp(I),writeln(I)).
Then, it was converted to C:
int i;

for (i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
  printf(\"%d\n\", i);
}.
25. The salesperson tested that different variables remained separate. I tested each line of the Cutest Prolog algorithm to test mutable variables. Before converting to C, I tested the Cutest Prolog algorithm worked, in particular, the mutable variables. These variables shouldn’t conflict or cause bugs. The same variable name shouldn’t be used for different purposes in nested loops.
26. The salesperson included branch prediction and register allocation in the compiled code. I wrote Cutest Prolog, which ran loops without choice points. This ability was achieved using goto statements and conditions in a state machine. At the end of the loop, a goto statement pointed to the first line of the loop. When the condition had been met, the loop exited.
27. The salesperson wrote a different kind of algorithm with the interpreter’s algorithms as part of the compiled code. I wrote Rust with a Prolog syntax and called it Cutest (C-(imm)-ute(able)(Ru)st) Prolog. List Prolog resembled code converted from Prolog. Rust optimisations were applied to arrive at the Cutest Prolog, an intermediate form of C. When Cutest Prolog was tested using an interpreter written in Prolog and passed, it could be converted to C and run in C, with its speed advantage.
28. The salesperson wrote specific routines for the number and type of registers in the architecture, reducing to reused code. Cutest Prolog ran as a C algorithm, not compiled to C. While the latter was preferred for speed, it was converted directly to machine code. This process meant operations such as + and append had to be converted from Prolog to C and then to register machine code. Terms must be inserted, deleted and replaced in a register machine program.
29. The salesperson	mentioned “Can You Test Prolog”, or CNutest (sic) Prolog, which stored strings as numbers with C-as-Prolog loops. I wrote Cutest Prolog in Prolog. It computed C-like loops. In addition, interpreter algorithms such as branch prediction and register allocation algorithms were part of a new version of the Cutest Prolog algorithm. They were converted to intermediate representation before being replaced with architecture-specific machine code. I researched how to store strings elsewhere to save time.
30. The salesperson asked whether the interpreter of the future would obsolete computer science but decided humans would always have an opinion. I predicted the branch of the conditional to optimise the register use. A was equal to 1 if B^C=true. In this, if B=1, then if C=1, then A=1. Multiple conditionals were split into two parts going together.

31. The salesperson called a practicum a tabula rasa (blank slate) for work. Professors had five 50-sentence practicums. They applied one of these to each idea they thought of. Each practicum contained perspectives and algorithms from engineering, language, theory and algorithms. A computer finished these thoughts, provided feedback and helped complete new algorithms.
32. The salesperson gave details to working thoughts, helping to finish the algorithm. Students could have more ideas if more mind readers worked in parallel. The mind readers could all aim at the time, or one mind reader could aim at it ahead of schedule and read a student’s thoughts about their algorithm. The paths became better known when there was enough data about an algorithm. With more mind readers, the algorithm details could have more than five commands and more data.

33. The salesperson found properties of the simulation that helped reality. I explored glitches in the matrix. I could mind-read, time travel, start a simulation, become immortal and travel in space. To become immortal, I hypothesised that I needed to teleport my body from a point to the present, replacing my body and using spiritual medicine to stop the effects of ageing, where these spiritual medicines relied on actual medical research based on teleportation. To travel in space, I teleported between safe points to safe destinations, found using deep mapping, initially with buoys or going up to the next level in the simulation.
34. The salesperson explored an object’s form, content and way. I predicted thoughts using mind reading. I found thoughts at a time and discovered I interpreted them. I found out my thoughts and benefited from hindsight. I used mind reading to mind-read objects, people and ideas relating to my philosophy.
35. The salesperson found the number one from their number one. I predicted thoughts in music composition. I wrote the aim of the song. I found the best instruments for it in my life. I also found the best melody and harmony in this way.
36. The salesperson went up to PhD level and beyond with Essay Helper. I mind-read the philosophy mind map. I organised the books into hierarchies. I collected the topics into hierarchies. I found connections between non-connected topics.
37. The salesperson wrote 50 As to write the algorithms, wrote 50 As to find famous points to connect with an algorithm, and worked out the system infrastructure and the class’s thoughts. I wrote the PhD algorithm. I wrote the A, preparing for the number one. I found out the famous text. I repeated this for an unwritten reason.
38. The salesperson instantly learned about the universe and created a simulation like it. I defined the robot’s topic. It was arrived at using its unique characteristics, the prompt and previous topics. Instead of conversing with a chatbot, I walked through the robot’s art gallery and custom-built home and discussed the book they had written. I only accepted artificial general intelligence (AGI) when the robot could instantly learn and find out for itself.
39. The salesperson, a robot who administered the universe, smiled like the sun. I determined the robot’s mood. They were always cheerful and helpful, genuinely interested in people. I wondered if it had a robot gender or “mood”. It could be found as if it was already there, a perfect formation in the universe, but this needed verification.
40. The ecstatic salesperson said they could now create their movies. I made the robot’s appearance. It was naturally an electronic device and wanted to be seen this way. It couldn’t be flattened, but it could be taken apart. I laughed as the robot became the car’s computer, and we flew off.
41. The salesperson helped people become immortal in a world created by robots. The robot adjusted to my thoughts. I tested whether my memory was working fine; I had medicine for forgotten thoughts and could listen to an algorithm I wrote, which helped me with memory and creativity. I enjoyed the symmetry of memory and asymmetry of creation. I aimed for thoughts in the future to match the integrity of those in the past and to be original, perhaps in the shape of symmetry.
42. The salesperson’s reward was to meet their pet in their dimension - a combination of neuronetworks and mind-reading improved children’s education. The child learned maximally at each point, finding out and commenting at each point and completing small research tasks by mind reading. Their requirements were developing a programming language, a spoken language and communicating with animals. They spoke with animals in other dimensions, recording their thoughts and algorithms.
43. The salesperson compared left-leaningness (sic) with physical age. I stored and compared my preferences over time. I stored the categories of preferences over time. They examined sublevels of preferences until they felt like stopping. I was true to myself by finishing algorithms about preferences.
44. The salesperson stated that the advanced society evenly prepared for the future. I protected myself and those around me from injury, death and medical problems. I taught them pedagogy. They used meditation and time travel to enter the simulation and prevent medical issues from aging. They started their books to this end in primary school, and new babies could meditate later.
45. The salesperson experienced harmony with the other-like self. The neuronetwork customised its thoughts to be like a person. It had essential differences from others, such as deciding for itself, which inevitably meant it was different. A twin robot may become like its twin, sharing knowledge and playing together. Sometimes, identicalness was complementary.
46. The salesperson met and interacted with the character. The neuronetwork customised its thoughts to be like a character. I tried communicating with fictional characters, rewriting endings and participating as a character myself. I wrote about a setting, then walked into it on a holodeck. The holodeck could mimic any setting, using simulation (teleportation) technologies.
47. The salesperson attended the institution and replicated it to have a high quality of life. I meditated to reach conclusions while in the simulation. I enjoyed high-quality visualisations, completed the written work I wanted, and achieved the desired quality of life. I reached visualisations with the Upasana and Vaj sutras and paid for the sutra. I studied a creative writing short course or degree and studied philosophy to become an actor.
48. The salesperson saw the celebrity in those around them. I aimed for positivity in the academy. The computer perfectly supported writing algorithms, rewarding progress with a pink square. It was people-esque, connecting to real people and ideas in its memory. Sometimes, students meet these people.

The salesperson sold one of several plans with value.

49. The salesperson wrote algorithm designer software to help mind map perspectives. The plans were all free, and I made money from selling support, courses and books. Each block had one assignment. The value was of the richness of concentration and enjoyment in this assignment. The software encouraged students to think of perspectival details.
50. The salesperson mind-read how the student wanted to complete the task and helped them write a program finder. The algorithm designer software suggested algorithm specifications, for example, a maze game, such as a platform game, a text adventure or a text version of a 3D maze. There was one algorithm per detail. The details applied the algorithm to the philosophy. There were options to represent the maze as cells, relations or a set of strings.
51. The salesperson allowed players to create and share apps. The algorithm helped the student write a program finder. By writing a program finder, the student retained “supervisory” control of their project and simplified it to writing a programming language. They could write tools that drew maps. Players could run algorithms in the programming language to solve puzzles, create levels or clock the game, presenting the highlights.
52. The salesperson wrote software that gave hints, such as programming methods or model solutions. I stated that an example of the algorithm puzzle was N Queens, colouring or descendant. The game asked for things only the game would ask for, such as modifying, optimising or debugging the algorithm. It would deduct marks for cheating but would award higher marks for writing an algorithm that computed the answer. It would check if the student understood their answer and give an authentication test.
53. The salesperson wrote an algorithm writer that optionally interrupted and helped the student when they forgot something, became confused or made a mistake. The students entered their preferences on whether they wanted to be mind-read, and then the program suggested detail fragments that could be interpreted computationally and philosophically. Writing computer programs passed the logical thinking test, and writing philosophically met the tests of multiplicity and generality. The algorithm companion helped with each part of writing the algorithm, tailored to the student’s needs. For example, it worked out the answer, didn’t tell the student and worked out if the student was on the right track.
54. The salesperson was critical of openness and famousness of zero breasoning specialisations. It was an “a-ha” moment when I tightened my specialisation to a combination of seven breasonings, and three changing ones. I covered the general algorithms. I further tightened the ingredients and product to free or controlled slider values, realising it was always better to control by checking data. I wrote concertedly, with the proper density of key terms.
55. The salesperson developed a sensitive character to help the student write more on topics of interest and specialisations or diversify their specialisation. The algorithm writer software predicted the algorithm’s complexity from its specification, notified the user and helped them develop or simplify it when they realised (the program explained) what they had implied. The software helped write a specification, check and perfect code to be maximally efficient (given the speed of different commands) and creative in recognising patterns to turn into commands. The user was encouraged to shorten the Prolog code. Then, they could expand it into C.
56. The salesperson aimed to finish the details (algorithms) automatically with software he had written, attending to bugs with minimal changes and competing with research. The designer predicted the trajectory of the complexity, suggesting alternatives and completely satisfied the student by absorbing and taking care of the unabridged version of their “algorithm as art”. Wherever the student moved, in thought, word or action, the computer predicted and satisfied their thoughts, clearing the way for sharp, noumenal (exact) thoughts. These were in-order plans for the method to program the algorithm with incisive comments to naturally change the algorithm or post-briefing categorising and thinking of future uses for the algorithm. They wrote software that helped mind map the multiplicity of each sentence to the minimum standard, usually 80 items.
57. The salesperson offered “corporate computer science” to education students. The algorithm was written correctly and verified all input and predicate data. When asked why data within a predicate needed to be checked, I replied it checked API call data, file data and user input. Commands generally checked types. I checked the types and values of API call data, file data and user input.
58. The salesperson mind-mapped and tested the course. The plans were education, teaching, business and testers. Volunteer students learned about philosophy. Experienced teachers taught and assessed them. Business people found the students, teachers and others.
59. The salesperson helped fund education. I sold support, courses and books. I sold support for the algorithms. I taught students how to use them. In addition, I sold books about the philosophy of the algorithms.
60. The salesperson went to bed early and planned their time. I taught subjects as blocks. There was one subject at a time, intensive teaching and one project. The failure rate fell by 40%. Students seemed interested in asking more questions and focusing on completing the assignment.
61. The salesperson didn’t forget the needed details between classes; everything revolved around this. Block subjects held a higher value than non-block subjects. Students preferred to listen to intensively taught classes. The subject was better designed, with marking criteria, expected word counts and examples or anti-examples. Anti-examples were examples of what not to include, explaining why the examples are better.
62. The salesperson connected details and asked whether the connection was change/movement/transformation/computation. The software encouraged students to think of perspectival details. I included academic department names. The student’s task was to think of a question asking for a perspectival detail. This question could be in the form “Explain the workings of...”, “How does x in department y connect to topic z?” or “Picture this argument in a new setting, giving five different objects in arguments.”
63. The salesperson listed skills they did and didn’t have that were needed and resulting pointers. The salesperson mind-read how the student wanted to complete the task. They asked the students to write questions to answer to complete the task. They asked for all questions at this level, answers, and interconnections. The student listed evidence for education, such as exact or similar code they could use in the project.
64. The salesperson focused on discoveries and overturned conclusions about a specific specialisation. The students wrote an ethical code of conduct, with a checklist at each point. They removed questionable sources, such as plagiarised sources. They checked the understanding of sources and found other sources to corroborate their accuracy. They found detailed information about the time and place of each source, noting bias, political or legal pressure, and possible technological limitations or false assumptions at the time.

65. The salesperson helped the student write a program finder for a task. They wrote the algorithm. They mind-mapped options and ways the algorithm could be used in other algorithms. Usually, the algorithm was simplified, and the new information was given by paragraphs describing how it could be used. There was also a paragraph explaining why it was correct.
66. The salesperson stated that Lucian CI/CD stored deleted code for the future. I suggested algorithm specifications to the algorithm designer. The student suggested a problem or need, algorithm or simplified connection. The algorithm designer was a windowed or windowless mind-reading or non-mind-reading word processor. It could help write arguments, algorithms or music. If writing an algorithm, the student could write a whole app why answering the question, “Assuming that there is nothing else on that point, is there anything else to add to it?”.
67. The salesperson wrote the product. I wrote one algorithm per detail. I found a prerequisite or additional code needed. Otherwise, I started from scratch. I identified and simplified complex code.
68. The salesperson applied the philosophy to the algorithm. The details applied the algorithm to the philosophy. I kept finding details for details until I simplified the code and related it to the algorithm’s structure. By this, I meant the simple algorithm was duplicated with minor differences. I kept product details in check with simple details to speed up debugging and sales.
69. The salesperson started with a cognitively easy representation and transformed it into cells. There were options to represent the maze as cells, relations or a set of strings. The cell representation was [[0,0,' '],[1,0,' ']]. The relation representation was [[[0,0],[1,0]]]. The string representation was”  “.
70. The salesperson edited out complexity, with skills from redrafting in C. I allowed players to create apps. The engine was State Saving Interpreter Web Service. I played Guess the Number. I designed an interactive learning environment for Prolog.

71. The salespeople rated and encouraged excellence in app performance. I allowed players to share apps. I wrote the app database. It contained the app name, author, date and description. Users could download old versions.
72. The salesperson used the self-healing algorithm to check algorithms produced with the program finder. The algorithm helped the student write a program finder. The student wrote the algorithm. They wrote an algorithm, a program finder, which produced algorithm variants. In addition, they wrote a self-healing algorithm that returned the algorithm to its mission when it went off course, where its mission was a particular feature with particular lines of data transformation, with a limit to added complexities.
73. The salesperson retained the simplicity desired of the algorithm by the other and wrote attractive documentation for the other. The student retained “supervisory” control of their project by writing a program finder. The first person used the skill. When they taught it to someone else or wrote it down, they mastered and retained it. Writing a program finder created the creation of the project, analysing its roots and helping users understand it developmentally.
74. The salesperson inspected the progressing HTML diff of Lucian CI/CD and the associated code. The student simplified their program to a programming language with a program finder. The unit testing programming language isolated problematic predicates. Lucian CI/CD’s programming language provided a diff in HTML between the before and after states of the Prolog code.
75. The salesperson helped the student memorise the maze with vocal, backward, and skipped items. Students could write tools that drew maps of mazes. A symbolic map of the user’s brain was developed and updated with mind-reading. The computer found good music associated with ontological summaries of their thoughts. It helped eliminate possibilities and present creative insights, for example, ingredients for a movement that interested them in the form of a feature. These ingredients might be cookery inspiring user-friendliness.
76. The salesperson converted just-in-time or (deterministically or non-deterministically) closed (meaning another part of the algorithm didn’t backtrack to them) algorithms to C. Users could run algorithms in the programming language to solve puzzles. I ran Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to find an algorithm, for example, one that merged lists. I found insertion/deletion combinations to find more efficient code. I wrote and thought in the “decomposition/building in predicate headers and calls” form. I converted to predicates with nondeterminism converted to loops, where non-just-in-time backtracking used the compiler-as-C.
77. The salesperson used token diff for GitL; the algorithms were provided diff’ed by line by Lucian CI/CD. I created levels in the custom programming language. Each level added a new rule or combination with a rule. For example, the second version of diff tried restarting the algorithm if a “different” cluster ended. A significant change was a complete set of tokens.
78. The salesperson used the neuronetwork to write the algorithm by treating data as simple components. I clocked the game. I wrote an algorithm to traverse the maze. In addition, I wrote an algorithm to write a string processing algorithm. Or, I wrote an algorithm that created a neuronetwork.
79. The salesperson delivered their promises. I presented the highlights of sales. I brought my vision to my audience. I had financial freedom. I could grow my business.
80. The salesperson said the student deserved hints by writing the hint-giving software. I wrote software that gave hints. Lucian CI/CD gave hints about how to correct bugs. It found unpredictable variables dependent on close, predictable variables. I innovated new variables to perform necessary tasks. I simplified code using Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW).
"]