["Green, L 2024, <i>New Sales 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"New Sales 3

1. The salesperson claimed they already had global variables and “diff” commands in C in Prolog. I hinted at the programming method. I attempted the problem. This attempt gave me insight into modifying code, improving the algorithm and making simplifications. I wrote a predicate to command (such as foldr) converter.
2. The salesperson labelled data and used expressive data to find the bug. I wrote model solutions for algorithms. I gave examples of the commands involved. I showed example data structures and combinations of commands. I explained the workings of the interpreter to help design the algorithm.
3. The salesperson said that Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) and connections were all there were. I stated that an example of the algorithm puzzle was N Queens. Similarly, I found configuration properties of puzzles that led to shortcuts in solving them. These shortcuts were possible in chess, tic-tac-toe, other games and text adventures. In text adventures, certain combinations of interactions with characters led to progress in the game.
4. The salesperson tried starting in numerous locations and collating separately tried methods in other cases. I wrote the colouring algorithm. I began in multiple locations. Alternatively, I tried each method individually and put the results together. This process applied to connections in the colouring graph, matching patterns.
5. The salesperson recognised cognitive structures in long-form Prolog algorithms and converted them to short-form. I wrote the descendant algorithm. It started as:

descendant(Person, Descendant) :-
 parent(Person, Descendant).
descendant(Person, Descendant) :-
 parent(Person, Child),
 descendant(Child, Descendant).

The algorithm above is the simplified form to think of and edit. It could be expanded to:

descendant(A1,B1) :- findall([A,B],parent(A,B),C),
 descendant1(A1,B1,C,C). 
descendant1(_Person,[],[],_) :-!. 
descendant1(Person,D2,[[Person,C2]|C1],E) :-
 descendant1(C2,D,E,E),
 descendant1(Person,Descendant,C1,E),
 foldr_append([[C2],D,Descendant],[],D2),!.

foldr_append([],B,B) :- !.
foldr_append([A1|A2],B,C) :-
 append(B,A1,D),
 foldr_append(A2,D,C),!.

The algorithm above was the form to convert to C. It separated findall into collecting and computing data and had separate clauses (loops) for each nondeterministic statement.
6. The salesperson wrote a CI/CD algorithm that corrected itself. The game asked the player to modify the algorithm. There were “copy the correct data”, speed-debugging and “points for making accurate functional decomposition decisions” modes. The players were allowed to write helper CI/CD, unit testing and CAW algorithms. There were marks for simplicity, accuracy and speed.

7. The salesperson removed undefined variable sequences in short-form Prolog. I optimised the algorithm in the game. I converted the algorithm to short-form in Prolog (see 5). Then I optimised it, deleting +0, append [] and true. I verified the cut, possibly replacing it with a new “once” member version.
8. The salesperson created CAW predicates where needed. I debugged the algorithm in the game. I converted all code in allegedly short-form in Prolog to short-form. Before doing this, I found bugs in the long-form code, such as bugs in C, such as code that didn’t pass tests, disused predicates and lack of reused code. I debugged short-form Prolog, using @| instead of “|” and simplifying data using CAW predicates.
9. Separately, the salesperson converted the appendz below to long-form.

lucianpl(off,[[n,findall],[[[v,a],[v,b]],[[n,appendz],[[v,a],[v,b],[1,2,3]]],[v,c]]],
[
 [[n,appendz],[[],[v,a],[v,a]]],
 [[n,appendz],[[[v,a],\"|\",[v,d]],[v,b],[[v,a],\"|\",[v,c]]],\":-\",
 [
  [[n,appendz],[[v,d],[v,b],[v,c]]]
 ]
 ]
],R),writeln1(R). produces [[[[v,c],[[[],[1,2,3]],[[1],[2,3]],[[1,2],[3]],[[1,2,3],[]]]]]]

The game deducted marks for cheating. The game tested for understanding, originality and the ability to work from first principles in work. It checked for plagiarism, insufficient paraphrasing and a critical attitude to work. Regular check-ins checked students understood the limits of their algorithms and to use the old diff algorithm for files, not predicates.
10. The salesperson set up development limits for new program finders in the game, giving precise specifications. The game awarded higher marks for writing an algorithm that computed the answer. This algorithm may be CAW or program finder. A CAW plug-in found the correct configuration of commands within an algorithm. It needed to avoid errors in wrong, chance solutions by using labels and tests. The program finder found different programs that could be bought or sold in the marketplace in the game.
11. The salesperson reiterated that the student shouldn’t use outside software libraries. The game checked if the student understood their answer. It checked whether their explanation was reliable if they cited it or modified another algorithm and their stages of thinking about the algorithm. Students prepared for the interview by thinking of details for the algorithm and preparing an essay about answers to possible questions about the algorithm. They might demonstrate an understanding of a more straightforward form of the algorithm than the interviewer knew about.
12. The salesperson emphasised the intuitiveness and rigorousness of testing. The game gave an authentication test. They applied their knowledge in a new way. For example, the examiner asked for the same algorithm with different data. The student’s memory would be tested.
13. The salesperson rewarded the programmer for meeting the criteria while they worked. The algorithm helped when the user forgot something. It reminded them to take a break and relax when they forgot a name, variable, predicate or algorithm. Before writing a predicate, they wrote a test or types, possibly consulting previous texts. They needed to pass a security test by writing an installer to avoid passwords being stored in public.
14. The salesperson wrote the tests, found the bug, and sometimes corrected it automatically. The algorithm helped when the user became confused. When they started pausing too much, writing complex code or debugging unnecessarily, it suggested a new tack, using simpler code or possibly using CI/CD to isolate a bug. The helper encouraged using novel software in which the user entered their ideas in written form. Employees were encouraged to work creatively a proportion of the time.
15. The salesperson set up a company to exhaust profitable ideas they had. The program helped the user when they made a mistake. The source suggested removing complexity (such as complex equals4), using simple predicates (simplifying “|” in equals4) and accounting for their ideas when simplifying code. The employee accounted for future research at the ends of each of their ideas and limitations or prerequisites these might have. The manager chatted with them to find helpers or resources.
16. The salesperson stated that mind-reading had advantages. I wrote a number-one song, a prerequisite for immortality. To feel comfortable, I wrote my mind-reading algorithm. Separately, I wrote a word processor. I relaxed by listening to mind-read songs or looking at mind-read images or movies.
17. The salesperson suggested ways of selling the ideas in the essay. I wrote on any essay topic related to accreditation. The student selected any of the texts. They checked a topic with the lecturer. They formed research interests, tying them down to a single idea.
18. The salesperson found the computational essence in metaphor. Grammar Logic (GL) suggested detail fragments that could be interpreted computationally. I mind-mapped the algorithm description from the word related to a topic. I methodically answered questions about the algorithm that an assessor might ask. I wrote about algorithms that worked together in a system or were a line of models.
19. The salesperson wanted stability, expandability and the future development of products. GL suggested detail fragments that could be interpreted philosophically. I collected and synthesised enough algorithm descriptions. I worked on simple algorithms. I answered questions about the family of algorithms and tried to cover relevant edges that might be questioned.
20. The salesperson listed education skills in algorithms to reward the programmer and find uses for the algorithm. I wrote computer programs, passing the logical thinking test. I wrote on a practical, novel and ground-breaking idea. I aimed for readers to recognise the usefulness of the documentation. I committed individual bug checks separately to pinpoint them.
21. The salesperson leant on the helpful side. I wrote philosophically to meet the test of multiplicity. I mind-mapped the implications of classical and recent work. Algorithms were able to be checked for correctness. They needed to be both alternative (intelligent) and valuable.
22. The salesperson stated that light was a metaphor for user friendliness and that ice cream was a metaphor for appeal. I wrote philosophically to meet the test of generality. Generality refers to applying to a group of people. Given the necessary data sets, it covered both general language that increased the relevance and connectedness of the work and the correctness of the algorithm. I engendered user friendliness and positivity (appeal) of the work.

23. The salesperson inspected the data’s structure and the result type, suggesting a particular program finder. I suggested the correct programming method. I identified whether the result was cumulative or was collected along the way and thought about the other types in education. I identified whether the data structure was linear or hierarchical. I reminded the programmer to include base cases covering the most straightforward data.
24. The salesperson hinted at the model solution. I worked out the algorithm. I asked for the values. These constraints completed the algorithm. The constraints were commands. I didn’t need a model solution, but I required specifications.
25. The salesperson graphed the complexity of saving their idea would have, assuming time travel stayed in the same place. I suggested that multidimensional N Queens had the same number of queens as an edge length. It could have 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 dimensions or have more dimensions. Combinations of solved cross-sections and lower dimensions could be used to solve higher dimensions. In N Queens, all ranks, files, columns, and others needed to have one queen in them.
26. The salesperson stated that the initial graph was duplicated to create each higher dimension. The new colouring problem was multidimensional. It was similar to N Queens. Any point touching a point should have a different colour from it. It was like N Queens but had different boards touching each other.
27. The salesperson claimed to process less rather than repeatedly minimise the result complicatedly. Like the descendant long-form algorithm, I claimed that one could generalise to long-form by converting the type of algorithm (search or returning a list from linear or hierarchical input) to long-form. In this process, one should simplify the aims of the algorithm using functional decomposition. In addition, one should use findall rather than rely on the interpreter to backtrack and stop when one has found the correct answer.
28. The salesperson attempted programming various architectures. The game asked for answers to unique questions. It introduced binary computation quizzes. Over the levels, the player built a circuit. It was mainly data for assembly language.
29. The salesperson modified the sub-predicate. I determined that the game was unique. I viewed the simulation of various possible program developments. I created a new variable, story-of-the-algorithm-related character or optimisation (such as using a sub-predicate for a particular purpose). The game examined a specialisation of algorithms.
30. The salesperson was influenced by what they were thinking about. That is, they used language that the player used and helped the player develop their skills. I modified the algorithm in the game. The player changes a variable by inserting, deleting, renaming or swapping it or changing a command or several commands similarly. They applied the algorithm to another area of study or found the simplicity of advanced mathematics. They earned points for proving an unproven application true to the game.
31. The salesperson modified append, with list decomposition in the predicate header, to write a simple predicate. I optimised the algorithm in the game. I found a simple substitute. I tested that permanent insertions in diff combos (which found combinations of diff insertions and deletions) were regular items in the list of newer items. For example, “writeln” had no outputs and needed to be permanently inserted in testing. They were not insertions, which could be included or not included in combinations.
32. The salesperson needed to understand the program to get it working. I debugged the algorithm in the game. I tested that the optimisation worked and was shorter. I tested that the debugged algorithm worked with standard data. Creative programming enlivened the senses, allowed new connections and led to new research.
33. The salesperson created a work from first principles, bringing a new perspective. The game deducted marks for cheating. I preferred creativity, group work and asking people what they were saying to be thought of. The work was creative, hinged and successful. Work was the public domain, and people specialised in their versions of it.
34. The salesperson’s creativity algorithm was to narrow down an algorithm to a simple predicate, such as diff. The game awarded higher marks for writing an algorithm that computed the answer. It found the writing describing the algorithm and, in addition, found bugs in queries and code from symmetries (visible mathematical order). It found and described innovative ideas and algorithms. This symmetry needed to be tested and allowed for simplification (grouping).
35. The salesperson wondered about the famous algorithm. The game checked if the student understood their answer. It listened to their story about how they wrote the algorithm. They might start with a first draft, then simplify or add to it. If they didn’t understand it, the game helped iron out their understanding and rewarded them.
36. The salesperson stated that the game reappeared in a high-quality presentation to help revise the content. The game gave an authentication test. The student’s memory of the noumenon was tested. They showed how the idea worked. The test allowed them to demonstrate, in impressive ways, their tight nomenclature.
37. The salesperson suggested the student write a predictable code suggester and simplify finding the first arguments in the interpreter using unification predicates. I wrote an algorithm writer to help the student. The word processor was for the recruits and allowed creating new files, opening and saving files and copying and pasting. I allowed types to have lists delimited with “{}”, “()”, “<>” or “/\\”. The word processor recognised the meaning of the type statement, allowed for non-monotonic inserted labels, and suggested code.
38. The salesperson helped gather research and the student’s experiences in preparation for writing a program. The algorithm writer interrupted the student. It suggested taking breaks five minutes in and five minutes before finishing. It found the best meal and toilet break times. It lets them take charge of the project’s creative direction, finishing and presenting innovative sides the students thought of in the program and documentation.

39. The salesperson cut off the thought, leading to clearer thinking. The algorithm identified when the student forgot something. It worked out whether pauses were thoughtful, forgetful or thoughts at different project stages. If the user forgot something obvious, the algorithm reminded them. The algorithm identified the need to reuse a recurring algorithm.
40. The salesperson solved confusion with creativity. The algorithm identified when the student became confused. If they were physically, verbally or mentally confused, it disarmed them and offered help. It identified beginning work confusion, breasoning confusion or algorithm confusion and prevented it by supporting the student. Aphors, a natural language description of an object, helped clear up confusion about abstract sentences.
41. The salesperson solved mistakes using automation. The algorithm identified when the student made a mistake. It identified and corrected any incorrect assumptions in thought before outward errors. I found mistakes in what I read or listened to, solving them as I went. I identified and helped people born in danger of making mistakes and used computer simulations to identify and solve mistakes as they occurred.
42. The salesperson simplified debugging by bunching and giving the status of predicates and claimed philosophy was good at exemplary connections in programming. The programmer entered their preferences for the induction algorithm. They needed to be on top of what the algorithm required to do and consider what the algorithm was composed of in itself. They may prefer to work more creatively doing this, then transition to a computer-recognised time of downhill induction. They may plan their algorithm like a draft and then simplify the working model inductively.
43. The salesperson played higher-lower with the mind-reading computer (they said higher or lower to let the computer guess the number). The students mind-read themselves. It was like a joystick, indicating the direction of a student’s thought. It captured songs, art and details about algorithmic mind maps. Mind maps capture frames about an idea, including connections to these thoughts.
44. The salesperson expanded on noteworthy details using mind reading or manually. The program suggested detail fragments using Grammar Logic (GL). The dictionary was the same as the Text to Breasoning dictionary. I suggested that users would benefit more from using their dictionaries. Breasonings led to infinite breasonings, and led to having a greater consciousness of knowledge.
45. The salesperson emphasised the creative interpretation that didn’t just connect but was a completely new interpretation of the noumenon. I interpreted the sentence. I thought of traditional perspectives emanating from my work site. I crafted the history of my thought, writing programs necessary for other programs first. I found problems and solutions and interpreted or integrated the algorithm into other algorithms.
46. The salesperson I named the specification in the natural language of the algorithm, “philosophy”. The brand was a red or yellow square, reminding one of the interpreter. The interpreter’s philosophy was in-itself, or giving the program itself as input. The specification had various interpretations or methods to meet it, and I ushered in the post-predicate world with long programs with loops.
47. The salesperson commented that they were in charge of long algorithms. Philosophy presented a new algorithm. I merged and modularised multithreading and automation in Text to Breasoning, mind reading, and other entry techniques in Essay Helper. I wrote more than fifty Prolog algorithms per essay. I connected to computational books for 3*4*50 As per department in non-computational books.
48. The salesperson sold a multitude of unique, valuable commands, which were compiled to fast code. I wrote computer programs, passing the logical thinking test. I wrote new logic, new programming languages and new algorithms. The new reasoning was treating Lucian CI/CD as a “lab” for which students wrote modules. I converted all the programming languages to short and long-form, in which short form was the fully-featured set of commands and long-form was more extended code in terms of fewer commands.
49. The salesperson provided support for writing many kinds of algorithms. I wrote philosophically, meeting the test of multiplicity. I was able to develop tools and philosophy skills to create new algorithms. Many algorithms use the same parts and commands. I wrote multiple new large and small algorithms.
50. The salesperson stated that computer science research helped correct, simplify and explain the theory. I wrote philosophically to meet the test of generality. The algorithm or philosophy was modified to be broadly attractive using more attractive features or general language. I wrote explicitly in my computer science report to avoid ambiguity and explain using code examples. The sensitively written code checker explained each step towards maximum quality code.
51. The salesperson learnt how to program by following guidelines at training college, but also worked out the breasoning rules and how to creatively write to capture understanding. The algorithm companion helped with each part of writing the algorithm. The code checker was educational, training the programmers to make the right decisions. They could write further code, make modifications or reject suggested changes. If they believed they could write the code better, they needed to prove it; otherwise, follow the suggestions.
52. The salesperson ran the fast long-form (choice-pointless) page-connective code using a compiler with a state machine, where separating data collection and processing also resulted in a speed-up. The algorithm companion was tailored to the student’s needs. Everyone converted to C for speed. State Saving Interpreter Web Service embedded the Just In Time (choice-pointless (sic)) C code in a Prolog compiler written in C, which ran between-pages long-form (C-like) code. It was slower than C but allowed educational inspection. Everything was fast in the new choice-pointless language; it didn’t have a cut and had a reduced instruction set.
53. The salesperson gathered suggestions from history, perspectives, the person’s life and research, which they cited. The algorithm companion worked out the answer. It waited until the programmer had attempted the task. It compared the answers for simplicity, correctness, and formatting. Afterwards, it tried to improve its or the student’s work with each other, to include the student and provide a memorable experience.
54. The salesperson loaded each file once in Prolog and warned when similar-looking predicates might conflict. The algorithm companion didn’t tell the student the answer. Instead, it followed the student, providing mind-reading projected cues to help with specific sub-goals, cutting off high-quality thoughts and providing thought-sound effects accompanying them. The idea of finality ranged from absolute to relative, as the student had more ideas that needed to be vetted. The standard check required code to be correct, and the algorithm companion gave an estimate of the complexity of debugging more complicated features, which were sometimes worked on separately.

55. The salesperson programmed Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to find simplified, systematic algorithms. The algorithm companion worked out if the student was on the right track. This track was on the company’s trajectory, for example, brute force induction. Induction, or CAW, could find diff, cycles, append and others. The approach to writing algorithms started with, for example, in-predicate A=[B|C] and changed to in-header or in-call [D|E].
56. The salesperson increased the maximum number of lines to find combinations from in Lucian CI/CD because they had increased the number of lines. I wrote “:-” and “,” on separate lines from the Prolog predicate header and commands to allow Lucian CI/CD to keep the header by itself or to eliminate the final line. For example, I could eliminate all commands and keep the header as a base case. Or, I could eliminate an unnecessary cut as the final command.
57. The salesperson sold the base-level ideas while the philosopher found combinations of many ideas. I was critical of the openness of zero breasoning specialisations. The student wrote an idea without a historical perspective in mind. It was essential to build up from the first principles, completing each level of algorithms. It was better to open it up by writing unique, valuable ideas.
58. The salesperson selected unusual ideas to find algorithms from, such as “list” in List Prolog and giving an algorithm itself as input. I was critical of the famousness of zero breasoning specialisations. I wrote a combination of seven ideas to form a unique perspective. For example, Lucian CI/CD had multiple nested findall statements. Ten ideas were the gateway to originality and were detailed enough.
59. The salesperson cleaned the seven, suggesting other ideas and making them neater. I tightened my specialisation to a combination of seven breasonings, and three changing ones. I was good at making it look like “ones”. I supported the examination of three levels through a decision tree. The seven ideas protected me by affirming the standard.
60. The salesperson tried simplifying the sentence using Lucian CI/CD. I covered the general algorithms. My perspective was computer science, which derived from first principles. I ensured correctness by starting with and modifying a simple model. While fundamental, these algorithms contained specific methods that were my original work.
61. The salesperson replaced code with global variables with a predicate. I tightened the variable values in the sentence about the algorithm by eliminating unnecessary data and separating command sequences leading to the result. I eliminated constants and unneeded repetition. I merged functionally decomposed predicates if necessary, not if possible. I avoided using global variables in commands.
62. The salesperson returned all the correct values with findall. I tightened the result. I checked the uniformity of code and commands and the spelling of variables. I printed out the names of all the variables to check for misspelled ones. I checked the politics of the algorithm against the mission, algorithm family and algorithm goals and challenged “cut” sometimes being necessary for the interpreter by returning the first result.
63. The salesperson gated types and commands for debugging purposes, showing the progress of necessary commands. I constrained the variable values to free values. I checked the list had a particular list format. I checked that the items were of any type, including other lists. Alternatively, I checked they were either atoms, strings or numbers, but not lists.
64. The salesperson consistently looped from 0 to n or 1 to n+1 in C. I constrained the variable values to slider values. I detected the systematic failure that passed failure, so I corrected the failure. I detected that a variable’s value was correct, non-negative or incorrect and clearly labelled the meanings of values in the technical documentation. I kept values uniform (such as success and success1 in Lucian CI/CD and those in compile and uncompile lists in lucianpl).
65. The salesperson eliminated some type checking on compilation. I realised it was always better to control by checking data. I reported type violations. I removed type checking from the final program if the data was always the same or already checked. The compiler identified and removed type-checking in these cases, although the unchecked predicates triggered an alert if the user ran them directly.
66. The salesperson covered the algorithm’s key methods, skills and whether it was in the final state compared with future directions. I wrote concertedly, with the proper density of key terms. I counted terms such as type checking, CAW or Lucian CI/CD in the text. I found horizontal links between these. I summarised the topics covered in chapters and how they related to written or unwritten algorithms.
67. The salesperson excluded logical conditions or comparisons from needing permanent insertion in Lucian CI/CD. I developed a sensitive character to help the student write more on topics of interest. I wrote all the features at the start and checked they were all tested. The character asked me whether “writeln” and other commands with no output that should be permanently inserted should be stored in a file or given as input to Lucian CI/CD. Commands such as “input=input” without output were verifiable without being permanently inserted because they compared values.
68. The salesperson kept a list of breasonings the student had thought of and maintained the algorithms they thought of. I developed a character to help the student write more on specialisations. The direct connection was possible with neuronetworks, but sometimes unsatisfying instead of a new idea. I changed the connection between “name and address” and “simulants” from “body age” to “the scientific effect of the simulation on simulants”. I found the student’s comment on the connection with mind reading by finding critical terms in their mind and letting them approve, reject and develop them.
69. The salesperson read the meditator’s book and inspired their systems. I developed a character to help the student diversify their specialisation. The mind reading algorithm found the algorithms as students thought of them during their lives and helped them write them as meditators. Later, the algorithm increased the resolution within the specialisation to find more critical and bridging algorithms to new algorithms, which were considered necessary before specific times. The meditation students started performing with pedagogy and word breasonings, for which they wrote an algorithm.
70. The salesperson wrote the formula down from the specification. The algorithm writer software calculated the algorithm’s complexity from its specification. I counted how many steps away from the original the final data was. I worked out the complexity of the pattern-matching algorithm, which reordered or transformed items. The complexity was the number of steps an algorithm took to change a certain number of data items.

71. The salesperson ran the code the fastest possible. I notified the user to simplify the algorithm. I labelled and timed the bottlenecks. I avoided loading files twice. I loaded configuration files, sometimes shared between repositories, once.
72. The salesperson	compiled Prolog in C using long-form code (Prolog code that resembled C). I improved Lucian CI/CD’s performance with multithreading. The folders were tested simultaneously. I built the repositories in containers with code names. Prolog could run an algorithm stored in memory.
73. The salesperson ported their programs to other platforms. I made my Mac repositories Linux and Windows-friendly. I checked the list of commands my repositories used. I checked whether these were on Linux and Windows. I notified the user to install these commands.
74. The salesperson kept their files but recompiled the program. I helped the student develop their specialisation when they realised what they had aimed to do. Tens were in computer science, philosophy, music, and other books, were developed from one up, and were arrived at given the student’s interests. When the student arrived at a specific aim, the helper detailed the specialisation. This aim might be education about computer science and making simple connections.
75. The salesperson simplified their philosophy by simplifying their algorithm. I helped the student simplify their specialisation when they decided on their aim. Instead of using someone else’s simple algorithms, the student wrote an algorithm that generated simple algorithms from specifications (CAW). Program Finder with Types and String Types helped reduce the complexity of CAW, completing the predictable commands needed to meet the specification. The philosophy was seemingly worded to achieve its goal, enabling students to write tools to generate their philosophy.
76. The salesperson freed themselves from their shackles and realised time was vast, like the universe. The students realised (and the program explained) what they had implied. The student worked out their path forward simultaneously with the program’s suggestion. The student created a program that explained a path. I set the program’s level down, so I found and fixed errors and had creative control.
77. The salesperson converted Prolog (using long-form) to C and automatically multithreaded possible routines. The software helped write a specification. I put code that might slow down because of reusing commands in a container (called it as a Prolog program through Shell and returned results by printing to standard out). The optimiser returned this code to the main program and changed predicate and dynamic predicate names where necessary. I could generate a specification from the types in the program and test it.
78. The salesperson wrote code that guessed whether a predicate in Lucian CI/CD would pass by testing the unchanged code and tested the next ones. I checked the code to be maximally efficient. I checked that maplist and findall were multithreaded. If the code interacted with the disk, it could be moved to virtual memory and run simultaneously before being saved at the end. If the desired result was found before the end, the processors stopped and went on with a new computation.
79. The salesperson found the best point to split concurrently and ran candidate predicates concurrently, i.e. predicates that returned output with the other routines. I perfected code to be maximally efficient. I hard-coded five numbers if a loop repeated five times. I corrected the code if it hung or nearly crashed and used concurrent_maplist to queue many processes for fewer processors. I ran concurrent processes in C.
80. The salesperson simulated users from the past in the computer era and, like the salesperson in relation to the future, could meet professional requirements. I ran all the code concurrently. If a predicate modified a variable that another routine relied on, this was like a global variable. I ran child and then parent predicates concurrently. I perfected mind-reading and pre-schedule computations using (future) computers and explored computer games.
"]