["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition 5

41. The winner of the tournament was recorded.  The competitors moved to higher ground.  The competitors won.  They moved to the next round.  The best competitor won.
42. He earned a job.  The gay competed in lifelongness.  The gay strove for equal rights.  He won them.  He got married.
43. The subjects competed for research status.  The subjects competed against each other.  The subject was a person.  He collected comments on an area of study each day.  He formed connections with other subjects.
44. She won by putting in a special effort.  The students competed against each other at games.  The student trained at a sport.  She met the standard.  She competed with others.
45. The competitor won a personal best.  Meeting the standard was the competition.  The standard was below a certain time.  There were tests for cheats.  There were participation prizes.
46. The originals, way and results were recorded.  Being the best is the most interesting competition.  The plants were not genetically modified.  They were crossed.  The best ones were chosen.
47. Usually they wrote on theories and original ideas in terms of a developed argument.  Everyone competed successfully.  Competition came back.  The ways to mindmap interpreters, databases, decision trees, state machines and one's own computer science (through creative writing) were found.  The ways to mindmap philosophy of phenomenology, interpretation, induction and pedagogy, etc. were found.  
48. The arguments were worked on by the husband and wife.  The large female tribe practised competition to give birth.  They worked out to do everything in enough time.  They thought of or wrote arguments for each idea.  One set was before conception.
49. I aimed for it my whole life.  I supported general competition rather than only property competition in life.  I thought of the necessary food for a healthy life.  I generally worked out that this food should help with longevity.  I examined Chinese medicine for longevity.
50. The spiritual machine was a person who was strong in all departments.  I competed using the machine.  I programmed a computer to run an algorithm and account for objects as it went.  It ran an algorithm that could write any algorithm.  The machine had good self-confidence and rights."]