["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition 6</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition 6

51. I declared that he could meditate.  I physically examined the competitor.  I tested his blood pressure.  I tested his eyesight.  I tested his basal, metabolic rate.
52. I won.  I included the weaker competitor.  I designed puzzles and activities that the weak competitor could win.  I rotated weaknesses in the group.  I was the target.
53. The competition was comparing with one's personal best.  People moved up and down because of competition as the heart of society.  Everything was developed.  Jobs were always available and grew.  I moved up.
54. She became a doctor.  The competitor travelled frequently.  She was going to be eugenically excluded.  She ran away.  She won elsewhere.
55. The sky scraper was like an ice cream.  The candidates passed competition science.  There needed to be some impetus.  I noticed the people in charge borrowing from nature.  It stayed in the civilisation, with more and more developed imagery.
56. I examined Law MOOCs (massive open online courses).  I noticed the cash registers open up and swallow all of the competitors' money.  When I had finished paying, I earned a job.  I was still with-it.  So I did it myself.
57. There was always activity each day.  The competitors were satisfied with work for them.  They tried all business types.   They tried all departments.  It was simulated.
58. In fact, his positive function was projection, like sales and which won.  The competitor beat the other competitor.  He wrote the draft at the start.  He spoke to the tutor.  He changed the draft and handed it in.
59. Was the second outbreak of Coronavirus (in 2030) caused by time travel?  (Perhaps not, because of the zinc or copper simulated in the time machines.)  The competitor had a disease (help).  He followed positive function.  He stayed in the safest place in the system.  He reached out to others he wanted to be like (they made representations to each other).
60. The high distinction (100%) wasn't musical.  The musician overcame difficulty (maintained his composure) in music to win.  I noticed that the abbreviations for name, variable, type, etc. were also translated.  Is genus like type?  Yes, it is a category of things, such as string, number or compound type."]