["Green, L 2021, <i>Direction</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Direction

1. I prepared to check before changing lanes.  I did this by stating that the object tailed me.  First, I located the found the object.  Second, I connected the object behind me.  Third, I viewed behind me.
2. I prepared to avoid risks.  I did this by stating that the revolutionary found her direction.  First, the revolutionary studied science.  Second, she researched the cutting edge.  Third, she related multiple universes to possibilities, not realism.
3. I prepared to explore the solar system.  I did this by stating that my direction was reducing the phonetic alphabet and Mars destination to simple tours.  First, I looked at the photographs.  Second, I looked at Mars.  Third, I simulated Mars in the room.
4. I prepared to research the local culture by speaking with the target demographic and teachers before translating.  I did this by fitting the way with culture.  First, I tested that the smaller vocabulary didn't lose meaning.  Second, I tested that the grammar used was similar and not too predictable.  Third, I tested that the meaning was correct in context.
5. I prepared to go beyond back-translation by substituting transliterations.  I did this by leading the way in life with culture.  First, I used appropriate words, not words not used in a particular dialect.  Second, I verified that the words didn't have the wrong meaning.  Third, I grouped back-translations by languages which used them for translations.
6. I prepared to state that Maharishi made peace with others.  I did this by stating that the most important pedagogue chose the Maharishi direction in meditation.  First, he wrote about natural law, or encouraging writing on pedagogy.  Second, I stated that the most important lecturer chose the Maharishi direction in meditation (he wrote about computational education).  Third, I stated that the most important artist chose the Maharishi direction in meditation (he studied what pleased the eye).
7. I prepared to group sections of the directions.  I did this by laying the directions end to end in the Perfect Palace.  First, I lined up the same starts and ends of directions.  Second, I numbered them.  Third, I recorded them in a separate document.
8. I prepared for the students to gain as skills.  I did this by writing on students' directions as Maharishi.  First, I listed what they could do.  Second, I found what they should do.  Third, I found the intersection.
9. I prepared to add humour when appropriate.  I did this by choosing the direction of humour.  First, I found the word.  Second, I found the first meaning.  Third, I found how the second meaning was incorrect.
10. I prepared to find the known limits and necessary solutions.  I did this by stating that the system directed everyone to become a Monarch.  First, I found the Monarch computer game.  Second, I designed royal computer algorithms.  Third, I found the actual things (asking for help) helped the judgement.
"]