["Green, L 2021, <i>Doctor_Sutra</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Doctor Sutra

1. I prepared to maintain my health.  I did this by stating that I have a body.  First, I walked to the shop.  Second, I breathed.  Third, I ate the slice of pineapple.
2. I prepared to understand how my body worked.  I did this by stating that my body has body systems.  First, I stated that my body had a circulatory system.  Second, I stated my body had a respiratory system.  Third, I stated that my body had a nervous system.
3. I prepared to simulate my body.  I did this by stating that my body systems have organs.  First, I stated that I had a heart.  Second, I stated that I had lungs.  Third, I stated that I had a brain.
4. I prepared to predict innate computational ability, e.g. whether a child will become a philosopher.  I did this by stating that I have proteins.  First, I stated that I had the kinin.  Second, I stated that it carried the item.  Third, I stated that it had perfect function.
5. I prepared to realise future consequences.  I did this by stating that I genes.  First, I inspected the genes.  Second, I found what to still do when desired traits were found.  Alternatively, I recommended meditation for others.
6. I prepared to teach.  I did this by stating that I have good societological-like comfort.  First, I found the maximum.  Second, I headed for it.  Third, I wrote.
7. I prepared to make an interesting comment about the computational interpreter.  I did this by stating that I have good popological digestion.  First, I digested the person's ideas (let them find out about the computational interpreter).  Second, I narrowed down thoughts and helped them to them.  Third, I thought things through and helped them to them.
8. I prepared to think of well-founded importance.  I did this by thinking of one aphor per day.  First, I thought of India.  Second, I thought of literature.  Third, I thought about the child.
9. I prepared to find a similar-minded person.  I did this by breasoning out what I wanted my genes to do.  First, I found the square.  Second, I found the line.  Third, I found the second square.
10. I prepared to think quickly.  I did this by repeating the Doctor Sutra to maintain health.  First, I planned everything well.  Second, I refined myself.  Third, I surprised people.
"]