["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"God Algorithm

1. I prepared to use the correct object.  I did this by applying the verb to the object.  First, I found the object.  Second, I listed the possible verbs.  Third, I found the verb to apply to the object.
2. I prepared to differentiate between word and object.  I did this by stating that I knew you about the result of the God algorithm.  First, I found the result of the God algorithm, the object.  Second, I noticed you needed the object.  Third, I found the physical object.
3. I prepared to write it up.  I did this by stating that I knew you, the result of the God algorithm.  First, I found your name.  Second, I sent you a letter.  Third, I received your reply.
4. I prepared to find out more.  I did this by stating that I knew you a little about the result of the God algorithm.  First, I noticed the object.  Second, I noticed someone holding it.  Third, I noticed you.
5. I prepared to ask why why was.  I did this by stating that I knew the result of the God algorithm was why.  First, I noticed the occurrence of the event.  Second, I read the result of the God algorithm.  Third, I worked out that the result explained the occurrence.
6. I prepared to predict the result in the category.  I did this by stating that I knew why the result of the God algorithm was that particular result.  First, I noticed the category.  Second, I noticed the result in the category.  Third, I noticed that it was that particular result.
7. I prepared to iterate wildly.  I did this by verifying the self against the result of the God algorithm.  First, I found you.  Second, I interrogated what you said.  Third, I got it right.
8. I prepared to go off happily ever after.  I did this by stating who I was in relation to the result of God Algorithm.  First, I found you with the object.  Second, I found myself with the object.  Third, I found us together, and happily ever after.
9. I prepared to say what I would write.  I did this by writing the name of the object found out from God displayed on the spiritual screen.  First, I discovered God.  Second, I knew how it harmonised with things.  Third, I stated that it sounded better than a look.
10. I prepared to decide well.  I did this by stating that I knew it wasn't the object.  First, I stated that it was the object.  Second, I stated that I knew it was the object.  Third, I stated that it wasn't not the object.
"]