["Green, L 2021, <i>Room</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Room

1. I prepared to wreak peace.  I did this by stating that there was an international room.  First, I found the shuttlecocks.  Second, I found the sticks.  Third, I found the galumphs.
2. I prepared to have peace.  I did this by endorsing red Palestine.  First, I found you.  Second, I found myself.  Third, I connected us.
3. I prepared to fit all the objects into the room.  I did t his by stating that the room's dimensions were in the golden ratio.  First, I approximated the golden ratio as 1.5.  Second, I found that the width of the room was 4 metres.  Third, I found that the length of the room was 6 metres.
4. I prepared to answer the question every time.  I did this by answering yes, not no to the question of the meeting in the pedagogy room.  First, I wrote that the question of the pedagogy room was, 'Are you pursuing pedagogy?'.  Second, I followed pedagogy in my life.  Third, I followed pedagogy in my science.
5. I prepared to write another A.  I did this by examining the egg and sperm when they became the zygote.  First, I found the egg.  Second, I inserted the sperm in it.  Third, I observed the zygote.
6. I prepared to make things in each room.  I did this by stating that the living room and the kitchen made the dining room.  First, I visited the living room.  Second, I visited the dining room.  Third, I visited the kitchen.
7. I prepared to examine the seconds of the phontology.  I did this by writing the room a phontology.  First, I listened to the name of the room.  Second, I listened to it's function.  Third, I recorded the structure of what I listened to.
8. I prepared to experience wellness.  I did this by experiencing meantness in the room.  First, I found the first side of the distinction.  Second, I found the second side of the distinction.  Third, I chose meantness.
9. I prepared to apologise for (agree with) harmony.  I did this by stating that the room gave agreement and disagreement different values.  First, I originally gave them different values.  Second, I listened to the black hold character make Essay Helper programmers feel unwell.  Third, I changed them to different values.
10. I prepared to state that the students performed their function.  I did this by stating that the students found their way in the room.  First, I stated that they found where they were in the house.  Second, I stated that they found where they were in the room.  Third, I stated that they found their orientation.
"]