["Green, L 2021, <i>Simulated Intelligence 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Simulated Intelligence

11. I reconstructed the man's thoughts.  I knew God (the man).  I followed God.  I examined his philosophies.  I critiqued them.
12. Closer to the fundamental end was more famous.  I knew him well.  I aimed to research induction.  It was by itself.  The best thing was that philosophy was synthesised.
13. It started.  I knew him very well.  I found out about science.  That's what politics was about, gays.  It was computer science.
14. The man added to the simulation.  God (the man) took care of people in subsets of the simulation.  God found the subset of the simulation.  It was the place.  The man recorded them.
15. It was a black box.  God (the woman) designed technologies for the simulationees (sic).  They were possible with physics.  They added to the simulation.  Someone was giving a reward for effort.
16. Creative writing was intelligent because it was the source of life.  The simulation was anarchic.  Anarchy was enjoyment in writing.  It was after creative writing at University.  I simulated creative writing.
17. Getting a job required an LSTM.  The fallen (alive) were recorded in the simulation.  Creative writing and education were the best combination in the simulation.  They helped each other.  There were other departments.
18. LSTMs helped write algorithms for each sentence.  The simulation was hard to make horrific (easy to like).  The professor worked on integrations with students in the department.  The student who earned a high distinction had time to write a relevant algorithm.  He had also worked on a mind map, thesis plan (with side taken in a two-sided contention, one's argument, paragraph topics and something greater).
19. I replaced terms to achieve generality.  The simulation's starting and ending times were indicated.  The writing was on the topic.  The algorithm was on the topic.  Plainness was preferred in the generated algorithms.
20. The detailed algorithm added to the interpreter.  The citizen was thought of in the simulation.  The citizen wrote her detailed algorithm.  She wrote a relevant algorithm.  She was recognised.
"]