["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Prepare</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Time to Prepare

1. I prepared to be right. 
I did this by stating that there was enough time to prepare to do justice.  First, I found the evidence.  Second, I checker the law.  Third, I did justice.
2. I prepared to verify the output.  I did this by stating that the technology simulation was equal to reality to compute first class honours.  First, I entered the algorithm.  Second, I entered the data.  Third, I computed first class honours.
3. I prepared to test the change.  I did this by computing the time to prepare Congtology (sic).  First, I identified the text.  Second, I identified the structure.  Third, I timed changing it.
4. I prepared to enjoy the vista.  I did this by observing the quason (sic) field.  First, I timed opening the gate.  Second, I closed the gate.  Third, I walked to the point.
5. I prepared to eat the biscuits at tea.  I did this by calculating the time to prepare for me from the other's statement.  First, I found the flour.  Second, I made the biscuits.  Third, I finished what I read.
6. I prepared to link to your time to prepare.  I did this by knowing your time to prepare.  First, I found the start of your time to prepare.  Second, I found the end of your time to prepare.  Third, I found their difference, your time to prepare.
7. I prepared to protect you.  I did this by calculating the time to prepare to know about you.  First, I found your time to walk the route.  Second, I found your route.  Third, I cared for you.
8. I prepared to calculate the time that the events would be finished at.  I did this by nogating (sic) (thinking of) my time to prepare for you.  First, I timed the necessary events at another time.  Second, I found the start of the time to perform the action.  Third, I added the duration of the events to the time.
9. I prepared to fill the tank with fuel.  I did this by timing sliding the tube into the void to time it.  First, I timed it at the start.  Second, I timed it sliding in.  Third, I timed it finishing sliding in.
10. I prepared to eat the food.  I did this by timing the preparation of the food.  First, I found the food.  Second, I cooked it.  Third, I read the timer.
"]