["Green, L 2021, <i>X</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"X

1. I prepared to examine the body.  I did this by stating that the tube had the width that allowed the liquid to pass through it over the desired time.  First, I doubled the cross-sectional area of the tube.  Second, I found that the found that the rate of liquid passing through the tube doubled.  Third, I found that twice as much liquid could pass through the tube in the same time.
2. I prepared to design the space dock by universal standards.  I did this by stating that the docking bay was wide enough to contain the boat.  First, I measured that there the docking bay was wide enough to contain the ship.  Second, I compensated for spacing needed around the boat.  Third, I checked that the airlock could properly attach to the spacecraft.
3. I prepared to examine the oral drinking video.  I did this by stating that the member of personell maintained the life with the tube.  First, I chose the tube.  Second, I inserted the catheter.  Third, I drip fed the person with the necessary fluid.
4. I prepared to account for extras in the ship's width.  I did this by stating that the dock received well.  First, I found the peripheral's width.  Second, I found the refuelling material's width.  Third, I included these in the overall width.
5. I prepared to compare x-correction with width.  I did this by stating that I knew what the state of affairs was.  First, I found that the farm yield was the same amount (width).  Second, I arranged these packs.  Third, I sent them to the recipient.
6. I prepared to plan meditation centres.  I did this by stating that the entity franchised well.  First, I recorded values around the company store.  Second, I copied these values.  Third, I opened the franchise.
7. I prepared to record the maintenance record.  I did this by verifying that the x width was the same as before.  First, I recorded the first x width.  Second, I measured the second x width.  Third, I found that their difference was 0.
8. I prepared to find the individual object's width.  I did this by measuring the width of 10 objects and dividing this by 10.  First, I eliminated error from measuring small objects individually.  Second, I eliminated error from air gaps beside objects.  Third, I eliminated error from the slightly different orientation of objects.
9. I prepared to draw a map of the universe.  I did this by calculating the distances between the galaxies using red shift.  First, I recorded the red shift of the first galaxy.  Second, I recorded the red shift of the second galaxy.  Third, I found that greater red shift indicated that the second galaxy was further away.
10. I prepared to fill the nothing with ontologies.  I did this by mapping the my position relative to the known universe.  First, I examined the positions of the galaxies relative to my planet.  Second, I found their distance away using red shift.  Third, I constructed a 3D map of the known universe.
"]