["Green, L 2021, <i>Y</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Y

1. I prepared to deliver the service professionally.  I did this by moving forward in equity.  First, I the appropriate solution for the person.  Second, I found their comment on it.  Third, I modified it given their comment.
2. I prepared to appear to ask for support for payment.  I did this by walking through the graphical voxel field depicting my office.  First, I drew the office.  Second, I projected it with 10 algorithms per day to appear and 50 algorithms per day for payment.  Third, I walked through it.
3. I prepared to logically analyse the structure of people.  I did this by including the people in writing the queue algorithm.  First, I saw the first person join the queue.  Second, I saw him progress in the queue.  Third, I saw the first person leave the queue.
4. I prepared to poll the people.  I did this by stating that the leader collected the suggestions from the line of people.  First, I ate the apple.  Second, I cut the banana.  Third, I combed my hair.
5. I prepared to analyse spine length during the day.  I did this by stating that the student was given A to calculate the length of Y at a particular time.  First, I measured the lying length of the person in the morning.  Second, I measured the lying length of the person at midday.  Third, I measured the lying length of the person in the afternoon.
6. I prepared to sit for the exam.  I did this by visiting the spiritual school where I memorised 10 lines of code.  First, I understood the algorithm by writing it.  Second, I used a mnemonic written from the acronym for the first letters of each line.  Third, I memorised it backwards.
7. I prepared to test the algorithm.  I did this by running the n-line algorithm mentally using the interpreter.  First, I  matched the query with the predicate.  Second, I followed the logical structure of the algorithm.  Third, I computed the variables from running the line.
8. I prepared to add in binary number form.  I did this by quickly computing the output from the n inputs and program description.  First, I added 1+2+3.  Second, I wrote that their sum was 6.  Third, I wrote the algorithm.
9. I prepared to drink the water.  I did this by stating that the tower of leaders solved the water problem.  First, I stated that the water naturally goes downhill.  Second, I placed the water uphill.  Third, I let it flow downhill.
10. I prepared to replicate the craft.  I did this by designing a vehicle.  First, I designed te computer.  Second, I designed its moving engine.  Third, I designed its body.
"]