["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition 2

11. I established equality-influenced competition.  I agreed with competition.  Competition was between at least two people.  It increased the quality.  It kept the rules fair.
12. I noticed the tactics of the winner.  I watched the competitors running.  They started together.  One took the lead.  One won.
13. I recorded the thoughts as they walked home.  I watched the competitors walk home.  They finished the race.  They started walking home.  They each went home.
14. I analysed the data in religion.  I agreed with religion (philosophy).  Religion had enough data.  Philosophy examined the data.  Computer science finished analysing the data.
15. I noticed explicitism (sic) needed bots and a way to confirm new customers.  I produced the competitor.  I noticed the 'financial products' were breasoned algorithms in different departments.  I gave the customer the As.  They performed.
16. I imagined that I was a competitor.  I chose perspectives to endorse in competition.  Competitors should be fit.  They should use fair strategies.  Adjudication should be fair.
17. The game was to complete the mind read thoughts (eventually allowing the computer to check/play against probable answers).  I chose objective competition.  I programmed the game.  I made a simulated intelligence player (used mind reading).  I enabled players to compete in the game.
18. Creationism (putting an idea before the start) is competition.  I defined the criteria to improve code.  There needed to be enough good ideas.  Fun, the game, was clocked in business.
19. I created a simulation to support thinking of up to 200 thoughts on a topic per day.  There was competition to provide an educational institution.  Everyone won.  There were changes.  4*50 As protected the text during them.
20. I won by eating healthily.  Veganism is pro-competition.  I ate one vegetarian meal per week.  I avoided unnatural chemicals.  I avoided genetically modified organisms.
"]