["Green, L 2021, <i>Two_Types</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Two Types

1. I prepared to sell the artificial breasts.  I did this by stating that the breast cooled and stored the milk.  First, I read the temperature of the breast.  Second, I read how much milk it stored.  Third, I simulated these.
2. I prepared to think of the latest technologies.  I did this by state that the orange cooled and stored the juice.  First, I measured the temperature of the orange.  Second, I measured how much juice it contained.  Third, I worked out how to extract all of its juice.
3. I prepared to observe the play of scientific and magical (more algorithmic) forces.  I did this by stating that Earth was naturally selected.  First, I found the place.  Second, I constructed the home.  Third, I engaged in the upkeep of the home.
4. I prepared to ask 'Why is beauty there?'.  I did this by stating that the animal was naturally selected.  First, I observed the strongest animal.  Second, I observed the most intelligent animal.  Third, I observed the most beautiful animal.
5. I prepared to guide young people to alternative (i.e. spiritual) philosophy.  I did this by stating that there were heterosexual and homosexual people.  First, I noticed that there were children of heterosexual people and homosexual people.  Second, I noticed that necessary pedagogy for children kept the population down.  Third, I noticed that there were psychiatrically fit role models.
6. I prepared to observe the good use of what was created.  I did this by observing that money was created and destroyed.  First, I observed the money being created.  Second, I observed the bank give it out.  Third, I noticed the old notes and coins being taken out of circulation.
7. I prepared to search for mind reading and time travel courses.  I did this by attending independent school and singing in liturgical church.  First, I found the gap between Honours and LSTMs.  Second, I saw people meditate when not at church.  Third, I worked in the community.
8. I prepared to replace the human parts with robot parts.  I did this by stating that there were human parts in the robot individual.  First, I mind read the behaviour.  Second, I worked out how to interface with the human neurons.  Third, I worked out something to do with the neurons.
9. I prepared to make my own automated systems.  I did this by stating that there with-it famous people and not.  First, I studied famousness.  Second, I made automated famousness systems.  Third, I taught meditation.
10. I prepared to investigate systems.  I did this by simplifying to two types.  First, I found the main top-level items.  Second, I chose the most important pair of top-level items.  Third, I listed the two types of items.
"]