["Green, L 2021, <i>Rebreathsonings 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Rebreathsonings 4 of 4

31. The king sat on the throne. He did this by testing that the bottom of a crown was flat. First, he wrote down the z-coordinate of a point of the pentagon at the base of the crown. Second, he tested that the next point's z-coordinate was the same as the previous point's z-coordinate. Third, he repeated this until there were no more points. In this way, the king prepared to sit on the throne by testing that the bottom of a crown was flat.


32. The mother sheltered under the oak tree. She did this by placing the red candle present in her green pocket. First, she held the candle at the top. Second, she opened her pocket. Third, she placed the candle in her pocket. In this way, she sheltered under the oak tree by putting the red candle present in her green pocket.


33.  I prepared to say that children's innocence is harmless.  I did this by writing that the religion (circle of philosophers) was positive.  First, I wrote about the gay thought (the pencil in the pencil case).  Second, I wrote about the animals (children).  Third, I like you the way you are at University.  In this way, I prepared to say that children's innocence is harmless by writing that the religion (circle of philosophers) was positive.


34.   I was a Republican.  I did this by stating that my knee helped me stand up straight.  First, I liked standing.  Second, I loved the Queen.  Third, I liked myself.  In this way, I was a Republican by stating that my knee helped me stand up straight.


35.   I prepared to give A to the Chinese tutor.  I did this by agreeing with the Chinese tutor.  First, I liked her clothes.  Second, I loved her house.  Third, I enjoyed her spreams (sic) of ice cream.  In this way, I prepared to give A to the Chinese tutor by agreeing with the Chinese tutor.


36.   I interpreted Lucian's essay format as a Ph.D.  I did this by holding a partner's hand to gain confidence in writing two uses.  First, I held his hand.  Second, I begged on my knees.  Third, I worked out two uses.  In this way, I prepared to interpret Lucian's essay format as a Ph.D. by holding a partner's hand to gain confidence in writing two uses.


37.   I wrote a book about philosophy in primary school.  I did this by holding a partner's hand to get confidence in writing the future use.  First, I wrote about the rocket.  Second, I wrote about the happy notes.  Third, I wrote about University at primary and secondary school level.  In this way, I prepared to write a book about philosophy in primary school by holding a partner's hand to gain confidence in writing the future use.


38.   I reacted to the scene.  I did this by holding a partner's hand to get confidence in writing the two types of objects.  First, I thought of two types in contradistinction to each other.  Second, I envisioned an object following another.  Third, I envisioned the mask.  In this way, I prepared to react to the scene by holding a partner's hand to gain confidence in writing the two types of objects.

"]