["Green, L 2021, <i>Rebreathsonings 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Rebreathsonings 3 of 4

21. The Asperger patient put forth conversation so liberally, by talking about and then judging an idea. He did this by lifting himself up onto a ledge. First, he found a ledge. Second, he hoisted himself onto it. Third, he stood on the ledge looking around. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to put forth conversation so liberally, by talking about and then judging an idea by lifting himself up onto a ledge.


22. The labourer washed the block. He did this by cleaning the chopsticks. First, he placed the scraper at the base of the chopstick. Second, he lifted the scraper upwards. Third, he stopped when he reached the top. In this way, the labourer prepared to wash the block by cleaning the chopsticks.


23. The Reasoner dovetailed the arguments. He did this by plucking the feather from the model pheasant's tail. First, the Reasoner positioned his finger above the model feather. Second, he positioned his other finger below the model feather. Third, he plucked the model feather from the model pheasant's tail. In this way, the Reasoner prepared to dovetail the arguments by plucking the feather from the model pheasant's tail.


24. The farmer harvested the wheat. He did this by aligning the tofu in a straight line. First, he measured the width of the tofu. Second, he placed the left point of the tofu so that the central point at w/2 + l (where w = width of the tofu and l = x coordinate of the left-hand side) was in front of his mouth. In this way, the farmer prepared to harvest the wheat by aligning the tofu in a straight line.


25. The oceanographer bathed the starfish. He did this by counting the starfish's arms. First, he counted the number of suction cups. Second, he divided this by the number of suction cups per arm, 5. Third, he calculated this dividend to equal the number of arms of the starfish. In this way, the oceanographer prepared to bathe the starfish by counting its arms.


26. The firefighter put on the mask. He did this by putting on the sunglasses. First, he opened the sunglasses. Second, he placed them on his face. Third, he tested that the angle from each of the arms to the lenses was 90 degrees. In this way, he prepared to put on the mask by putting on the sunglasses.


27. The moviegoer prepared to walk home. She did this by walking to the triangle in the moonlight. First, she charted her proposed path. Second, she walked along her path. Third, she stopped when she arrived at the triangle. In this way, she prepared to walk home by walking to the triangle in the moonlight.


28. The navigator sailed the ship. He did this by following the stars. First, he computed which direction a particular star was pointing in. Second, he computed which goal lay in that direction. Third, he headed for that goal. In this way, he prepared to sail the ship by following the stars.


29. The gardener picked the flower. He did this by colouring his illustrations using petals. First, he drew and cut out the shape of the region that he wanted to colour blue. Second, he traced the shape onto a blue petal. Third, he cut out the shape from the petal and placed it on the page. In this way, he prepared to pick the flower by colouring his illustrations using petals.


30. The Gastronomer placed the red lid on the pot. He did this by staining his cheeks red with the red petal. First, he plucked a petal from a rose. Second, he rubbed it in water. Third, he placed it on his cheek. In this way, he prepared to put the red lid on the pot by colouring his cheeks red with the red petal.


"]