["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 15 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 15 of 30

140.	ALEXIS: I prepared to thank Emeritus Professor Leon Sterling for famously helping me to think clearly of very long lines through Prolog programming projects. I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I asked is this a joke he didn't write much on the reasons? Onfray replied, I was only kidding I am planning to get started during the algorithm's steps. Second, I wrote there is no part of writing that is relevant to text-to-speech. Third, I accepted in that case, the computer writes the phoneme list.

141.	DION: A third party shouldn't block the subject (where the subject thanked Emeritus Professor Leon Sterling for famously helping him to think clearly of very long lines through Prolog programming projects, and finishing these lines).

142.	ALEXIS: The subject should move forward on her path.

143.	DION: The subject should become a founder because she should be critical of blockedness.

144.	ALEXIS: I prepared to swap roles with the computer, experiencing an inspiration from Derrida. I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I asked why do you like penning? Second, I wondered why do you like yourself? Third, I asked why do you like someone else, what if the speaker was us?

145.	DION: The subject shouldn't perform the calculation based on the computer's input (where the subject swapped roles with the computer when starting on the line connecting the subject's and computer's roles, experiencing an inspiration from Derrida).

146.	ALEXIS: The subject should verify the computer's output.

147.	DION: The subject should compute her path given the computer's output, and check her way.

148.	ALEXIS: I prepared to say, 'disappear goodness, I want badness to correct (more goodness).' I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I stated I don't want phenomena, I want words. Second, I don't (do) want to bracket, what is it (that's what it is). Third, I asked what the relevance of an area of study, critical thinking, is.

149.	DION: The subject shouldn't educate all the people (where the subject stated 'appear goodness, I want to verify for more goodness,' where the subject tested the line).
"]