["Green, L 2021, <i>Professor Algorithm 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Professor Algorithm 1 of 4



1. First read the Pedagogy Guide (to learn how to earn A grade in humanities essays and other assignments). Alternatively, breason out (think of the X, Y and Z dimensions of an object from) each sentence in the following numbered paragraphs. Breasoning out the Professor Algorithm by itself gives you the rest of Pedagogy. There is a success exit point after 80 breasonings (13.33 paragraphs).

1a.     I prepared to be a Professor.  I did this by loving the duck.  First, I heard the fluttering wings.  Second, I saw the duck.  Third, I held the duck.  In this way, I prepared to be a Professor by loving the duck.

2.    I prepared to be an actor in my film.  I did this by directing the film.  First, I held the magulous (sic) details in my hands.  Second, I made magic up.  Third, I had the film given to me.  In this way, I prepared to be an actor in my film by directing the film.

3.     I prepared to use the society.  I did this by observing the class study societology.  First, I observed the society.  Second, I observed the class study it.  Third, I liked the society.  In this way, I prepared to use the society by observing the class study societology.

4.    I prepared to listen to jive music.  I did this by observing the student study popology.  First, I like a person who followed another person.  Second, I liked helping amnesiacs.  Third, I helped you to perform well in philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to listen to jive music by observing the student study popology.

5.    I prepared to count the breasonings using Prolog (detecting breasonings top-down), breavsonings (collecting comments and congratulating for all comments), wackery (giving more breasonings in response) and gestation (pretending to count the breasonings while the baby is in one's spiritual womb).  I did this by counting the breasonings using mind reading.  First, I mesmerized the crowds.  Second, I helped them gestate.  Third, I prevented the ignoramus (preventing them incorrectly count the number of breasonings).  In this way, I prepared to count the breasonings using Prolog (detecting breasonings top-down), breavsonings (collecting comments and congratulating for all comments), wackery (giving more breasonings in response) and gestation (pretending to count the breasonings while the baby is in one's spiritual womb) by counting the breasonings using mind reading.

6.    I prepared to earn the heavenly (good) grade.  I did this by observing that the algorithm graded the breasoning list.  First, I was with-it over the switch's breasoning creating capability.  Second, I was like Maharishi (the man).  Third, I was like the rest of the yogis.  In this way, I prepared to earn the heavenly (good) grade by observing that the algorithm graded the breasoning list.

7.    I prepared to be equitable.  I did this by observing that the algorithm graded the argument map with the same grade for disagreement as agreement.  First, I found agreement in the text.  Second, I found disagreement in the text with a spiritual objection (like a quantum box/prayer and a nut unscrewed from a bolt, or a B or disagreeing argument to it with its reasons as spiritual answers to 15 questions for attaching to a 10 breasoning B) to it.  Third, I gave the assignment the same grade as agreement.  In this way, I prepared to be equitable by observing that the algorithm graded the argument map with the same grade for disagreement as agreement.

8.    I prepared to agree with the essay's grade given the overall side it took.  I did this by observing that the algorithm graded the argument map with objections and rebuttals with the same grade for disagreement as agreement.  First, I recognised the reason as agreeing and a direct objection to it as changing the pair to a disagreement.  Second, I placed the objection to a non-written reason and connected it to the reason, changing the pair to a disagreement.  Third, I placed the rebuttal to a non-written reason and connected it to the objection, changing the sequence of reason, objection and rebuttal to agreement.  In this way, I prepared to agree with the essay's grade given the overall side it took by observing that the algorithm graded the argument map with objections and rebuttals with the same grade for disagreement as agreement.

9.     I prepared to reach equality with the modern pedagogy format.  I did this by awarding the appropriate grade to the essay in the modern pedagogy format.  First, I verified that the disagreeing exposition did not cause the essay to fail, and noted that it could earn A grade.  Second, I determined the grade by whether all of the branches agreed or disagreed, taking in to account objections and rebuttals.  Third, I awarded agreement and disagreement the same grade.  In this way, I prepared to reach equality with the modern pedagogy format by awarding the appropriate grade to the essay in the modern pedagogy format.

10.   I prepared to observe the sunshine express move on.  I did this by disagreeing with the traditional pedagogy format in favour of the modern pedagogy format.  First, I observed that the disagreeing exposition caused the essay to fail (where it should be allowed to earn a maximum of A grade).  Second, I observed that one disagreement during the essay caused it to earn a maximum of B grade (where the entire argument map, including objections and rebuttals should be taken into account when marking and disagreement should be allowed a maximum of A grade).  Third, I observed that overbearingly disagreeing essays were awarded a maximum of B grade (where disagreement should be allowed a maximum of A grade).  In this way, I prepared to observe the sunshine express move on by disagreeing with the traditional pedagogy format in favour of the modern pedagogy format.

"]