["Green, L 2021, <i>Breathsonings 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Breathsonings 4 of 4

31.    I led by showing a good example.  I did this by loving God (the master).  First, I meditated (wrote).  Second, I went up.  Third, I loved God (the master) helping me to be the master.  In this way, I prepared to lead by showing a good example by loving God (the master).


32.   I produced pop music.  I did this by stating that I (the philosopher) was famous.  First, I said that I am God (the master).  Second, I said that I am a cosmologue (the leader).  Third, I am mene, (sic) someone who memorises genes.  In this way, I prepared to produce pop music by stating that I (the philosopher) was famous.


33.   I was the original, productive Computational English writer.  I did this by indicating that Computational English was brilliant.  First, I wrote how it had helped Nietzsche.  Second, I wrote how it had helped Derrida.  Third, I wrote how it had helped Heidegger.  In this way, I prepared to be the original, generous Computational English writer by stating that Computational English was famous.


34.   I gave medicine (I answered 15 drug questions to access a generic medicine 250 breasoning A) to a 16-breasoning small idea, to make sure high-quality imagery appeared.  I did this by writing that there were 250 breasonings for everything in natural law.  First, I gave to the pope (gemstone dealer).  Second, I presented to the emperor.  Third, I took my blessings (writings) from it.  In this way, I prepared to give medicine (I answered 15 drug questions to access a generic medicine 250 breasoning A) to a 16-breasoning small idea, to make sure high-quality imagery appeared by writing that there were 250 breasonings for everything in natural law.


35.   I prepared to see how the Nobel Committee could award the Nobel Peace Prize for Breathsonings because they enabled us to be about things.  I did this by writing that Breathsonings are a Nobel Prize because they defeat oppression by making sound judgements.  First, I liked Breathsonings because they help medicine babies to be healthy.  Second, I wrote operations go well because of Breathsonings.  Third, I lubricated the lining of my air tubules when breathing using Breathsonings.  In this way, I prepared to see how the Nobel Committee could award the Nobel Peace Prize for Breathsonings because they enabled us to be about things by writing that Breathsonings are a Nobel Prize because they defeat oppression by making sound judgements.


36.   I prepared to see how the Nobel Committee could award the Nobel Peace Prize for Breathsonings using images of breathsonings working.  I did this by writing that Breathsonings are a Nobel Prize because they help ideas to go well.  First, I wrote Breathsonings to enable babies' systems to be perfect.  Second, I wrote Breathsonings help us to work out if a body implant is going spectacularly well.  Third, I breathsoned out the lung's tubules, lubricating them.  In this way, I prepared to see how the Nobel Committee could award the Nobel Peace Prize for Breathsonings using images of breathsonings working by writing that Breathsonings are a Nobel Prize because they help ideas to go well.


37.   I prepared to aim for the heart and do it.  I did this by stating that the breath dropped into my mouth with the help of the Head of State.  First, I asked the Head of State ever so sweetly to let the breath of air drop into my mouth.  Second, I observed this happen.  Third, I sucked succulently sweet desserts.  In this way, I prepared to aim for the heart and do it by stating that the breath dropped into my mouth with the help of the Head of State.


38.   I prepared to be sure Plato would agree with breasoning out the breathsoning.  I did this by breasoning out the breathsoning like in Plato's forms.  First, I breasoned out the judgment 'good' as what the body confirmed the breathsoning for the eight oxygen molecules to be.  Second, I breathed in.  Third, I breathed out.  In this way, I prepared to be sure Plato would agree with breasoning out the breathsoning by breasoning out the breathsoning like in Plato's forms.


39.   I had fun like Anarchy.  I did this by breathsoning out 250 breasonings for each family entity.  First, I decided I would find what I needed.  Second, I was helped to it.  Third, I liked you being the best in my vegan emporium.  In this way, I prepared to have fun like Anarchy by breathsoning out 250 breasonings for each family entity.


40.  I wrote about the heart.  I did this by labelling the vertex.  First, I found the cube of destiny.  Second, I labeled it.  Third, I drew its [health] points on it.  In this way, I prepared to write about the heart by marking the vertex.


41.   I loved planet meditation (books).  I did this by holding the reflection (philosophy) retreat.  First, I covered texts.  Second, I covered retreat details.  Third, I gave presents out.  In this way, I prepared to love planet meditation (books) by holding the reflection (philosophy) retreat.


42.   I helped the writers to write feverishly.  I did this by holding the writer's retreat.  First, I enamoured succleton.  Second, I loved hickletons (you).  Third, I loved enamourmonts.  In this way, I prepared to help them to write feverishly by holding the writer's retreat.

"]