["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
God Algorithm 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to make lots of money.  I did this by selling mirth (laughter).  First, I found the depressed person to help her recover.  Second, I laughed with her.  Third, I made many good rounds of it.  In this way, I prepared to make lots of money by selling mirth (laughter).

22.   I prepared to plan my journey.  I did this by reading the map.  First, I read the key of the map.  Second, I found the departure point.  Third, I found the destination.  In this way, I prepared to plan my journey by reading the map.

23.   I prepared to read the diaries when I was older.  I did this by recorded love.  First, I found someone to love.  Second, I showed that person love.  Third, I recorded love.  In this way, I prepared to read the diaries when I was older by recorded love.

24.   I prepared to park the model car.  I did this by controlling the model car.  First, I looked the car's steering column.  Second, I looked at how it attached to the axels.  Third, I looked at how these attached to the wheels.  In this way, I prepared to park the model car by controlling the model car.

25.  I prepared to throw the ball.  I did this by switching on the lamp.  First, I looked for the switch.  Second, I switched on the lamp.  Third, I read 'Nebuchadnezzar Iacit'.  In this way, I prepared to throw the ball by switching on the lamp.

26.   I prepared to pretend to be a spy.  I did this by reading the ghost writing.  First, I wrote with the ghost pen.  Second, I sent it to a friend.  Third, I observed her make the writing appear by scribbling with the ghost reading pen.  In this way, I prepared to pretend to be a spy by reading the ghost writing.

27.   I prepared to wait for a reply.  I did this by writing with the pen.  First, I addressed the letter.  Second, I wrote the letter.  Third, I sealed and delivered it.  In this way, I prepared to wait for a reply by writing with the pen.

28.   I prepared to write the proboscis' function.  I did this by verifying the proboscis' existence.  First, I examined the head of a fly.  Second, I verified that the proboscis protruded from the fly's head.  Third, I drew a diagram of this.  In this way, I prepared to write the proboscis' function by verifying the proboscis' existence.

29.   I prepared to gain the ships' attention.  I did this by rotating the lighthouse light.  First, I held the lighthouse light lever.  Second, I turned it.  Third, I stopped when the light was pointing in the correct direction.  In this way, I prepared to gain the ships' attention by rotating the lighthouse light.

30.   I prepared to plan the day.  I did this by talking to the man.  First, I found something to do.  Second, I found that he agreed to doing it with me.  Third, we did it.  In this way, I prepared to plan the day by talking to the man.

"]