["Green, L 2021, <i>Room 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Room 2 of 4

11. The millinery consultant prepared to manufacture the hat. He did this by writing an emoticon. First, he wrote a colon (':') representing a man's eyes. Second, he wrote a hyphen ('-') representing his nose. Third he wrote a right parenthesis (')') representing his mouth. In this way, the millinery consultant prepared to manufacture the hat by writing an emoticon.


12. The Lord prepared to appear based on objects. He did this by eating the candy cane. First, he licked the crook. Second, he ate the stick. Third, he digested the base. In this way, the Lord prepared to appear based on objects by eating the candy cane.


13. The doctor prepared to eat the meal with a knife and fork. He did this by eating the soufflé. First, he licked the sweet top. Second, he lifted the spoon. Third, he made an incision in the soufflé. In this way, the doctor prepared to eat the meal with a knife and fork by eating the soufflé.


14. The astronaut drove to the launch pad in the shuttle bus. He did this by eating the ship lolly. First, he held the lolly with one hand. Second, he unwrapped the lolly. Third, he ate the lolly. In this way, the astronauts prepared to ride to the launch pad in the shuttle bus by eating the ship lolly.


15. The astronaut prepared to travel through the space dock. She did this by eating the sphere space station jube. First, she placed it in front of her. Second, she melted it on her tongue. Third, she swallowed it. In this way, the astronaut prepared to travel through the space dock by eating the spherical space station jube.


16. The central nervous system specialist tested that the program worked. He did this by opening the deck chair. First, he placed the bottom of the back of it on the ground. Second, he held the folded seat with one of his hands. Third, he unfolded the seat, so that all four legs were touching the ground. In this way, the central nervous system specialist tested that the program worked by opening the deck chair.


17. The heart specialist constructed a heart beat triangle. He did this by licking the triangular lollipop. First, he licked the lollipop. Second, he tasted the guava lollipop. Third, he bit it. In this way, the heart specialist constructed a heart beat triangle by licking the triangular lollipop.


18. The physiologist read the answer in the book. He did this by eating the spinach. First, he uncurled it. Then, he pinned down all four corners of it. Third, he cut a square from it and ate it. In this way, the physiologist read the answer in the book by eating the spinach.


19. The theologian scientifically tested whether God had a higher quality of life. She did this by eating the seaweed. First, she stood on the shore. Second, she waded in to the sea. Third, she collected and ate the seaweed. In this way, the theologian scientifically tested whether God had a higher quality of life by eating the seaweed.


20. The roboticist prepared to operate on Toby to be positive. He did this by shredding the spinach. First, he cut the spinach. Second, he placed it in strips. Third, he lined up the strips in a square. In this way, the roboticist operated on Toby to be prepared to be positive by shredding the spinach.


"]