["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 11 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 11 of 30

100.	ALEXIS: I prepared to ask why you don't just speak without text (for the sake of argument)? I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I like the natural phenomenon (text and speech should be left separate). Second, I completed the first task first. (Why do you want text in text-to-speech so much?) Third, I asked, 'Why do you want speech in text-to-speech so much?'

101.	DION: The subject shouldn't forget speech's handles (memory of text) (where the subject asked why you don't just speak without text, for the sake of argument, like identifying that speech has handles).

102.	ALEXIS: The subject should remember text as speech's handles.

103.	DION: The subject should correctly emphasise the most useful object in the sentence which is the word 'text,' or a 'memory handle' for speech.

104.	ALEXIS: I prepared to speak myself, after using the computer to verify how I would speak. I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on Richard Rorty's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I liked being a programming language creator. Second, I preferred writing to speech because it is better checked. Third, I distanced myself from speech in Prolog.

105.	DION: The subject shouldn't speak about larger objects than the last time (where the subject spoke himself, after using the computer to verify how he would speak, where the objects that the subject talked about were not too large).

106.	ALEXIS: The subject should speak about larger objects than the last time.

107.	DION: The subject should attach to the correct meaning as part of which he should talk about larger objects than the last time.

108.	ALEXIS: I prepared to address that a human would benefit from text-to-speech. I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on Richard Rorty's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I liked speech (in text-to-speech). Second, I wanted text. Third, I asked, 'What does the text refer to?'.

109.	DION: The subject shouldn't speak about heavier objects than the last time (where the subject made an address after observing that a human would benefit from text-to-speech, where the objects named were not too heavy).
"]