["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Do 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Time to Do 1 of 4



1. The cell biologist prepared to study apoptosis (programmed cell death). He did this by licking the surface area of the ice cream model. First, he constructed a cubic ice cream model from a paper cut-out. Second, he stamped a lick mark on the bottom level. Third, he stamped a lick mark on each square from the next level up, and so on, until the whole ice cream model had been covered. In this way, the cell biologist prepared to study apoptosis (programmed cell death) by licking the surface area of the ice cream model.

2. The butler polished the knife. He did this by licking the length of the head of the spoon. First, he started at the end of the head closer to the middle. Second, he licked the head of the spoon. Third, he finished licking at the end of the spoon. In this way, the butler prepared to polish the knife by licking the length of the head of the spoon.

3. The geneticist examined the limbs being developed one at a time. He did this by stirring with the spoon. First, he inserted the spoon into the pot. Second, he moved the spoon from behind the biggest piece to behind the next biggest piece in the liquid. Third, he stopped after stirring the biggest five pieces. In this way, the geneticist prepared to examine the limbs being developed one at a time by stirring with the spoon.

4. The physicist split the particle. He did this by taping a pin to a spoon. First, he put tape across a pin. Second, he placed the pin with the tape on the spoon's handle, with the pin pointing outwards. Third, he fastened the tape to the spoon. In this way, the physicist prepared to split the particle by taping a pin to a spoon.

5. The director watched through the middle of the model molecule. He did this by holding on to the tofu while he skewered it. First, he pressed the tofu in place. Second, he put the skewer's point in the centre of the top of the tofu. Third, he pushed the skewer through the tofu. In this way, the director prepared to watch through the middle of the model molecule by holding on to the tofu while he skewered it.

6. The cowperson lassoed the cow. She did this by testing that the cube was empty. First, she proved that the ball was placed in the cube. Second, she proved that the ball was taken out of the cube. Third, she tested that the cube had no other balls in it. In this way, the cowperson prepared to lasso the cow by testing that the cube was empty.

7. The biochemist wrote down the value. He did this by opening out and measuring the volume of the lollipop. First, he counted the number of units wide it was. Then, he multiplied this by the number of units deep it was. Then, he multiplied this by the number of units high it was. In this way, the biochemist prepared to write down the value by opening out and measuring the volume of the lollipop.

8. The philosopher wrote down reasons for an argument. He did this by opening the umbrella. First, he held the umbrella by its crook handle. Second, he held the runner. Third, he unfurled the umbrella. In this way, the philosopher prepared to write down reasons for a conclusion by opening the umbrella.

9. The philosopher wrote down objections to an argument. He did this by repeatedly opening and closing the umbrella to act as a fan. First, he held the umbrella to the side. Second, he half-opened the umbrella quickly. Third, he half-closed the umbrella quickly. In this way, the philosopher prepared to write down objections to an argument by repeatedly opening and closing the umbrella to act as a fan.

10. The biochemist tested that the process was perfectly expressed. He did this by multiplying the quantity by ten, and then measured it. First, he read the original amount. Second, he multiplied this number by ten. Third, he measured this quantity. In this way, the biochemist prepared to test that the process was perfectly expressed by multiplying the number by ten, and then measured it.

"]