["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 13 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 13 of 30

120.	ALEXIS: The subject should allow the breasoning to leave her lips.

121.	DION: The subject should assess the case given breasoned As.

122.	ALEXIS: I prepared to ask what would happen if I substituted another cultural item for one missing in another language. I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I stated the text's cultural conditions might change. Second, I said the speech's language condition might change. Third, I suggested that there might be no (a) word in one language for a particular cultural item.

123.	DION: The subject shouldn't state that he desires the cold space (where the subject asked what would happen if he substituted another cultural item for one missing in another language, like an object for moving through space).

124.	ALEXIS: The subject should state that he desires the warm space.

125.	DION: The subject should allow the breasoning to leave her lips because the subject should indicate that she wants the warm space. The subject should state the correct meaning of the breasoning (e.g. that she desires the warm space) at the time.

126.	ALEXIS: I prepared to say that the monologue text's character should correspond to the paraphrased monologue speech's character in time, place, considering what has happened concerning breathsonings before, after and during the scene. I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I thought the text had no appearance of a person. Second, I thought the speech had no appearance of an individual. Third, I thought the text's aims and the speech's aims would have to correspond, assuming he had slightly modified the speech from the text.

127.	DION: The subject shouldn't avoid spiritual preparation for the next part of life (where the subject stated that the monologue text's character should correspond to the paraphrased monologue speech's character in time, place and considering what has happened concerning breathsonings before, after and during the scene, where the scene contains characters waiting until the starting time).

128.	ALEXIS: The subject should make spiritual preparation for the next part of life.

129.	DION: The subject should ethically assess the person's two uses because the subject should make spiritual preparation for the next part of life.
"]