["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 17 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 17 of 30

160.	ALEXIS: The subject should answer importantly and on the topic.

161.	DION: Two uses is correct because of the prestigiousness of nature, which is correct because the subject should respond importantly and on the topic.

162.	ALEXIS: I prepared to give the visually impaired person a braille argument map. I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I liked how the phenomena would come to us, by us exploring ones before them. Second, I experienced what it meant by transcending it. Third, I wanted a visual argument of the speech.

163.	DION: The subject shouldn't visualise the reason in his mind's eye (where the subject gave the visually impaired person a braille argument map, like mapping two reasons in the braille argument map to two polyhedrons).

164.	ALEXIS: The subject should spatially construct the reason in his mind.

165.	DION: The subject should answer importantly and on the topic after spatially developing the answer in his mind.

166.	ALEXIS: I prepared to define that an argument map's premise must be finite in the computer program. I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I thought there would be new phenomena for the computer experiencing reasons (and Derrida might have added) for it to say these reasons. Second, (with seeming help from Derrida) I wondered how it related to human neuroscience. Third, I undertook to uncover evidence, not false evidence, to convert to speech in law.

167.	DION: The subject shouldn't state that the computer program contains the argument map's premise (where the subject should define that an argument map's premise must be finite in the computer program, like a point on an unfolded polyhedron).

168.	ALEXIS: The subject worked out the appearance of the premise and program before thinking of them.

169.	DION: The subject should spatially construct the reason in his mind to work out the appearance of the premise and program before thinking of them.
"]