["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Do 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Time to Do 2 of 4

11. The scientist smiled to the camera. He did this by holding the nut between his teeth. First, he held the nut next to his mouth. Second, he placed it on the tip of his bottom teeth. Third, he gently closed his upper and lower teeth, gripping the nut. In this way, the scientist prepared to smile to the camera by holding the nut between his teeth.

12. The scientist signed an autograph in a book. He did this by licking the centre of the spoon. First, he held the spoon up to his lips. Then, he dipped his head. Then, he licked the middle of the spoon. In this way, the scientist prepared to sign an autograph in a book by licking the centre of the spoon.

13. The expert signed the stack of books. She did this by licking the three spoons. First, she licked the first spoon. Second, she licked the second spoon. Third, she licked the third spoon. In this way, the scientist prepared to sign the stack of books by licking the three spoons.

14. The expert licked a small part, and then a large part of the lolly. He did this by drawing a diagram of the apparatus. First, he looked at the slide using the microscope slide. Second, he wrote the bar scale on a sheet of paper. Third, he drew the image he saw using the lens in his journal. In this way, the scientist prepared to lick a small part, and then a large part of the lolly by drawing a diagram of the apparatus.

15. The biochemist licked the left and right sides of the lolly. She did this by tracing the pathway through the biochemical system. First, she looked at where the chemical started. Second, she outlined its progress on a space versus time graph. Third, she recorded her observations of the chemical. In this way, the biochemist prepared to lick the left and right sides of the lolly by tracing the pathway through the biochemical system.

16. The biochemist propped up the pillow. He did this by licking the spoon. First, he placed the spoon in his mouth. Second, he licked the bottom of the spoon. Third, he licked the top of the spoon. In this way, the biochemist prepared to prop up the pillow by licking the spoon.

17. The biochemist held up a model protein at assembly. He did this by testing whether there was fruit on the other side of the store using a mirror. First, he held a mirror in front of him. Second, he looked at the other end of the warehouse using the mirror. Third, he observed whether there was fruit visible in the mirror. In this way, the biochemist prepared to hold up a model molecule at assembly by testing whether there was fruit on the other side of the store using a mirror.

18. The manager prepared to find a building of the right size. He did this by examining the image using a magnifying glass. First, he positioned the magnifying glass 0.05 m above the map. Next, he moved it over the fine text. Finally, he read the fine text. In this way, the manager prepared to find a building of the right size by examining the image using a magnifying glass.

19. The planetarium manager climbed a ladder to maintain the planetarium. He did this by inserting a star with a rod attached to it into a hole. First, he placed the bar above the hole. Second, he pushed it into the hole. Third, he made sure it would not slide out. In this way, the planetarium manager prepared to climb a ladder to maintain the planetarium by inserting a star with a rod attached to it into a hole.

20. The actor made another actor famous. He did this by placing the two lolly snakes in his mouth. First, he put the two lolly snakes side by side in his hand. Second, he bit off part of both of them. Third, he continued to eat them until there was nothing left. In this way, the actor prepared to make another actor famous by placing the two lolly snakes in his mouth.

"]