["Green, L 2021, <i>A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 3 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 3 of 3

29.   I prepared to play a concerto.  I did this by buying the piano from Napa Valley.  First, I read the Napa Valley catalogue.  Second, I selected the piano.  Third, I bought the piano from Napa Valley.  In this way, I prepared to play a concerto by buying the piano from Napa Valley.

30.   I prepared to buy art materials.  I did this by protecting the duckling.  First, I caught the duckling.  Second, I placed him in the cage.  Third, I locked the cage door.  In this way, I prepared to buy art materials by protecting the duckling.

31.    I prepared to admire the goose.  I did this by stating that David Bowie protected the duckling.  First, I noticed the duckling had a loose feather.  Second, I neatened the feather.  Third, I patted the duckling with David Bowie.  In this way, I prepared to admire the goose by stating that David Bowie protected the duckling.

32.   I prepared to listen to classical music.  I did this by breasoning out the job.  First, I wrote the script for each point.  Second, I wrote the breasonings for them.  Third, I wrote generic breasonings for non-scripted dialogue.  In this way, I prepared to listen to classical music by breasoning out the job.

33.   I prepared to write what the candidates thought.  I did this by writing that multiple people successfully earned the job.  First, I advertised the job to be performed in different locations.  Second, I interviewed the job applicants.  Third, I awarded the job to multiple people.  In this way, I prepared to write what the candidates thought by writing that multiple people successfully earned the job.

34.   I prepared to talk to someone in another language.  I did this by translating the job application tool into another language.  First, I wrote the job application tool and job application.  Second, I looked up the language spoken by targeted job seekers.  Third, I translated the job application tool into that language.  In this way, I prepared to talk to someone in another language by translating the job application tool into another language.

35.   I prepared to confirm that the letter had arrived.  I did this by stating that cosmology (the universe) protected the successful job applicant.  First, I awarded the job to the successful job applicant.  Second, I wrote this in a letter.  Third, I placed a stamp on the envelope for the letter.  In this way, I prepared to confirm that the letter had arrived by stating that cosmology (the universe) protected the successful job applicant.

36.   I prepared to be on stage.  I did this by stating that the medical practitioner gave the all clear.  First, I meditated (talked about philosophy) on the first evening.  Second, I meditated (talked about philosophy) on the second evening.  Third, my agent awarded me a role the next day.  In this way, I prepared to be on stage by stating that the medical practitioner gave the all clear.

37.   I prepared to be a good metaphorical role player.  I did this by being true to myself in relation to other employees.  First, I looked into meditation before selecting a preference for a degree.  Second, I liked the degree.  Third, I helped other people.  In this way, I prepared to be a good metaphorical role player by being true to myself in relation to other employees.

38.   I prepared to be early for work.  I did this by buckling up and taking off for work.  First, I buckled my left shoe.  Second, I buckled my right shoe.  Third, I took off for work.  In this way, I prepared to be early for work by buckling up and taking off for work.

39.   I prepared to breason it out in 32 days.  I did this by stating that I knew the successful job applicant.  First, I asked the job applicant how she earned the job.  Second, I listened to her say she learned Pedagogy.  Third, I listened to her say she breasoned out 100 specific As for the job application.  In this way, I prepared to breason it out in 32 days by stating that I knew the successful job applicant.

40.  I prepared to breason out 108 As with 174 meditation utterances (words).  I did this by stating that I liked the successful job applicant.  First, I thanked the friend for this knowledge.  Second, I listened to her ask me for feedback on a scale of 1-10.  Third, I said you have to give the first customer 5 As as a manager, with seen-as version As for himself, the customer and any others.  In this way, I prepared to breason out 108 As with 174 meditation utterances (words) by stating that I liked the successful job applicant.

41.   I prepared to be a Hollywood extra.  I did this by stating that I trusted the successful job applicant.  First, I observed that he applicant had no criminal record.  Second, I observed that the applicant could use his intelligence.  Third, I left the employee with instructions.  In this way, I prepared to be a Hollywood extra by stating that I trusted the successful job applicant.

42.   I prepared to make a deal.  I did this by verifying that I had been employed.  First, I rang the office.  Second, I asked to speak to the manager.  Third, I verified that I had been employed.  In this way, I prepared to make a deal by verifying that I had been employed.
"]