["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Stillbirths 2 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
Fewer Stillbirths 2 of 3

15.   I prepared to love myself.  I did this by cooling myself.  First, I ate the lettuce.  Second, I chilled down.  Third, I planted the floating sea baton.  In this way, I prepared to love myself by cooling myself.

16.   I prepared to experience the 250 breasonings (in fact, a maximum of 80 breasonings) for the whole production day.  I did this by wearing my jacket in a well-meaning manner.  First, I put on my jacket.  Second, I wore it in a well-meaning manner.  Third, I allowed the photograph to be taken of me.  In this way, I prepared to experience the 250 breasonings (in fact, a maximum of 80 breasonings) for the whole production day by wearing my jacket in a well-meaning manner.

17.   I prepared to exaltate (sic) myself.  I did this by stating that the Iranian professor was in the centre.  First, I found the Iranian professor.  Second, I found he was in the centre.  Third, I moved with him.  In this way, I prepared to exaltate (sic) myself by stating that the Iranian professor was in the centre.

18.   I prepared to be rewarding about everything.  I did this by teaching my students.  First, I helped the first student.  Second, I helped the second student.  Third, I helped the third student.  In this way, I prepared to be rewarding about everything by teaching my students.

19.    I prepared to note that the child indicated content for 3 Medicine As.  I did this by stating that the child survived because of being given medicine arguments.  First, I asked if there was a person with clothes behind the door.  Second, I verified whether the building had been erected.  Third, I wrote philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to note that the child indicated content for 3 Medicine As by stating that the child survived because of being given medicine arguments.

20.  I prepared to watch the adults.  I did this by stating that I want to be a Lucian Meditation (LM) meditator as what going to church is in terms of.  First, I practised prayer in terms of LM.  Second, I practiced meditation in terms of LM.  Third, I practiced group meditation in terms of LM.  In this way, I prepared to watch the adults by stating that I want to be a Lucian Meditation (LM) meditator as what going to church is in terms of.

21.   I prepared to use my knowledge.  I did this by walking past the philosophy papers.  First, I found the philosophy papers.  Second, I read them.  Third, I walked along the corridor afterwards.  In this way, I prepared to use my knowledge by walking past the philosophy papers.

22.   I prepared to state the details associated with the writing.  I did this by stating that I became a famous philosopher by asking, 'What is Writing?'.  First, I wrote about myself.  Second, I wrote about the other person.  Third, I wrote about myself in relation to the other person.  In this way, I prepared to state the details associated with the writing by stating that I became a famous philosopher by asking, 'What is Writing?'.

23.   I prepared to write about the argument.  I did this by stating the A grade argument for the idea.  First, I wrote about sulfide.  Second, I wrote about it's uses.  Third, I helped the young woman.  In this way, I prepared to write about the argument by stating the A grade argument for the idea.

24.   I prepared to write about medicine.  I did this by thinking of a reason for the idea.  First, I wrote down the topic 'halides'.  Second, I wrote down the reason for it.  Third, I wrote down an argument for that reason.  In this way, I prepared to write about medicine by thinking of a reason for the idea.

25.  I prepared to visit God's (the philosopher's) house.  I did this by copyrighting the idea by writing it down.  First, I found the pad.  Second, I wrote the idea down.  Third, I enunciated I am a Lucianic Meditator.  In this way, I prepared to visit God's (the philosopher's) house by copyrighting the idea by writing it down.

26.   I prepared to program the pen.  I did this by relating the idea to my other ideas.  First, I found the pen that reads what you write.  Second, I helped the pen to write the first idea.  Third, I helped the pen to write the next idea.  In this way, I prepared to program the pen by relating the idea to my other ideas.

27.   I prepared to use the prism to see my life clearly.  I did this by stating that my heavy hand gave the object worth.  First, I held the prism.  Second, I placed it on the mantelpiece.  Third, I viewed it from the sofa.  In this way, I prepared to use the prism to see my life clearly by stating that my heavy hand gave the object worth.

28.   I prepared to walk on the glacier.  I did this by mimicking the thoughts to benefit from them.  First, I found the thoughts in a box.  Second, I mimicked them.  Third, I benefited from them.  In this way, I prepared to walk on the glacier by mimicking the thoughts to benefit from them.
"]