["Green, L 2021, <i>A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 1 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
A Greater Number Of Successful Job Applications 1 of 3

1.     I prepared to be given 1000 As for a token.  I did this by stating that the Queen requires 1000 breasonings (As) for an applicant to be considered to become a pedagogue.  First, I meditated on (thought of) the first breasoning of the Unification with the Pedagogy Helper Argument.  Second, I prepared to meditate on (think of) the next breasoning of the Unification with the Pedagogy Helper Argument.  Third, I repeated this until I had meditated on (thought of) all the breasonings of the Unification with the Pedagogy Helper Argument.  In this way, I prepared to be given 1000 As for a token by stating that the Queen requires 1000 breasonings (As) for an applicant to be considered to become a pedagogue.

2.    I prepared to notice the breasonings being used.  I did this by producing the pedagogical helper by asking the lecturer to agree with some breasonings.  First, I found the pedagogy helper.  Second, I asked him to produce with some breasonings.  Third, I asked the lecturer to accept the breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to notice the breasonings being used by producing the pedagogical helper by asking the lecturer to agree with some breasonings.

3.     I prepared to introduce meditation (philosophy) to other pedagogy helpers.  I did this by writing that meditation (philosophy) was the prerequisite for being a pedagogy helper.  First, I meditated (wrote philosophy).  Second, I became a pedagogy helper.  Third, I observed that meditation (philosophy) helped my health.  In this way, I prepared to introduce meditation (philosophy) to other pedagogy helpers by writing that meditation (philosophy) was the prerequisite for being a pedagogy helper.

4.    I prepared to think of uses for the computer program.  I did this by writing 250 breasonings for a computer science program, where the computer program had a breasoning for each of 3 transformations.  First, I increased the computer program.  Second, I presented the result of the breasonings to the student.  Third, I thought of interesting thoughts associated with the program.  In this way, I prepared to think of uses for the computer program by writing 250 breasonings for a computer science program, where the computer program had a breasoning for each of 3 transformations.

5.    I prepared to earn a job in sales.  I did this by programming the musical infusion.  First, I wrote the music.  Second, I wrote the infusion.  Third, I wrote how the infusion of melodies came from the music.  In this way, I prepared to earn a job in sales by programming the musical infusion.

6.    I prepared to hire Masters graduates in all business areas to be star-studded.  I did this by writing that the famous pop song's product image and sales boosted the required sales by 10%.  First, I found the sales important.  Second, I found helping people important.  Third, I found image important.  In this way, I prepared to hire Masters graduates in all business areas to be star-studded by writing that the famous pop song's product image and sales boosted the required sales by 10%.

7.    I prepared to write for the argument structurers.  I did this by writing the next breasoning.  First, I wrote about the breasoning.  Second, I wrote about it .  Third, I wrote about two more.  In this way, I prepared to write for the argument structurers by writing the next breasoning.

8.    I prepared to do nothing.  I did this by writing about the students.  First, I wrote about each student.  Second, I helped the Queen.  Third, I took all of the credit for it.  In this way, I prepared to do nothing by writing about the students.

9.     I prepared to write about cosmology.  I did this by writing that the famous future students were found out about through cosmology.  First, I liked my Godfather.  Second, I helped you to understand that.  Third, I liked you.  In this way, I prepared to write about cosmology by writing that the famous future students were found out about through cosmology.

10.   I prepared to state that that's a heart.  I did this by observing the two sleeping birds make a heart shape.  First, I observed the bird on the left make the left-hand side of the heart.  Second, I observed the bird on the right make the right-hand side of the heart.  Third, I observed that the two sleeping birds made a heart shape.  In this way, I prepared to state that that's a heart by observing the two sleeping birds make a heart shape.

11.    I prepared to educate the ducklings.  I did this by looking in the duckling's backpack.  First, I found the red book.  Second, I found the yellow book.  Third, I found the blue book.  In this way, I prepared to educate the ducklings by looking in the duckling's backpack.

12.   I prepared to ask, 'Who's that?'.  I did this by stating that the person had job training.  First, I found the person.  Second, I gave the person job training.  Third, I stated that the person had job training.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'Who's that?' by stating that the person had job training.

13.    I prepared to mainly recommend accredited degrees.  I did this by stating that the person earned the job.  First, I included everybody.  Second, I stated this was because of base-level famousness.  Third, I stated my protection was unaccredited degrees.  In this way, I prepared to mainly recommend accredited degrees by stating that the person earned the job.

14.   I prepared to spread my religion (philosophy).  I did this by helping the person choose the learning path.  First, I studied a Philosophy major in an undergraduate degree.  Second, I studied Philosophy as part of an Honours degree.  Third, I read in the holidays.  In this way, I prepared to spread my religion (philosophy) by helping the person choose the learning path.
"]