Medicine of Medicine 2

1. The medicine student attempted to find the Lucian CI/CD algorithm from input and output (including integrating, building and testing code). I wrote the algorithm using PFT from the input. I explained that this was achieved by converting input to output at each point using a pattern-matching command and then putting these outputs together to form the algorithm’s output. If the command required sorting, searching or mathematical transformation rather than pattern matching, the connection between input and output was unknown or unpredictable and needed to be worked out by a neuronetwork or Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) with a predicate database (and a decision tree of algorithms and types, for instance, mathematical types). Mathematical types were, for example, for reverse, [a_1,a_2,...,a_n], [a_n,...,a_2,a_1].
2. The medicine student confirmed the final changes of diff. I asked the user whether the new changes needed a test and created one for them. For example, I created a writeln test that checked whether the output produced by writeln2 was correct. Writeln2’s output needed to be passed up through the levels of the program until it could be checked by tests, but it didn’t affect the output of the algorithm. Writeln2’s output depended on the files and parameters entered.
3. The medicine student researched immortality and meditation in the future. I edited the final changes of diff. I noticed the software’s increasing version number and aimed to implement long-form (C-style Prolog rather than long-interpreter-loop code) optimisations. I corrected automated Lucian CI/CD’s mistake of using wrong tests or non-long-form code by checking types against the algorithm and similar algorithms and specs of short and corresponding long forms against the scaffold and similar software, respectively. I made money from Lucian CI/CD and long-form compiler courses.
4. The medicine student regularly archived or deleted logs and old files. I displayed the diff results in Prolog, not List Prolog. I synchronised the dates across Lucian CI/CD file back-ups and logs. Instead of saving it in a folder and changing it to the date when it was moved later, I saved it in  “folder date”. I saved these files in the same place, which was customisable, in the private2 folder by default.
5. The medicine student kept the unwanted code on file to trial new features, gauged whether they were close (in type) to the desired solution and bridged that gap. I could quickly find the additions in diff. I checked the additions to see if they were what I entered, wanted, and had the desired results. I found whether the change had wanted results compared with the past and recommended the user include them in a version note if they were part of a successful feature. They would be added to a list of possible changes in the previous version, which the tests found the correct combination.
6. The medicine student checked for changes in all repositories simultaneously, ready for a group release. I could quickly find the changes in diff. Changes were either additions or deletions. I checked whether the code had changed as expected and noted any surprises and fixed tests (or lack thereof) resulting in unwanted deletions. I needed a negative test (testing failure) if an unwanted clause was not checked for failure.
7. The medical student could quickly find the deletions in diff. I found the short-form algorithms for my algorithms using CAW or common sense. I included these and their corresponding long form in a neuronetwork. I found the closest types when integrating code and searched for more bridging algorithms, possibly requiring modifying existing code. Students created the systems, reinforcing understanding of the system and answers, developing simulated intelligence that sped up production and increased employment in areas of focus.
8. The medicine student noted changes of note, with possible courses of action, and thanked the contributors for their ideas. The changes were colour-coded, allowing for changes to be made. I searched for all changes of a particular type, for example, additions. I had information at my fingertips and could make decisions and changes instantly. I carefully checked Lucian CI/CD’s, different programmers’ and the manager’s changes.
9. The medicine student automatically wrote tests and reran the CI/CD pipeline based on feedback from users and clients on the production version. The changes were word-coded, allowing for changes to be made. The words were “addition” and “deletion”. I found all the occurrences of these terms and approved or deleted them. An assistant would then monitor the code and write new tests.
10. The medicine student taught me how to modify the code from short to long form. I could generate a diff HTML file showing the changes made to the final combination. I automatically saved this file in the logs and saved a diff between versions in GitL. I found code closing the closest type gaps by finding the predicate with the right type match. I always compared with (included) the corresponding short form for clarity of reading and editing.
11. The medicine student retired the feature if it had become obsolete or had other issues. I labelled data as a retired feature. I discovered the feature was not wanted, slow or undifferentiated. I kept the feature in a separate module or retired it. I included a deletable marker where it was usually called and warned users about its performance issues.
