Medicine of Pedagogy 2 2

17. The medicine student built up to actual results with Mind Reader. I added myself to the moral end detector algorithm. This algorithm detected if I or someone I knew might die that day and breasoned out an argument against it to overcome it. They added themselves because they wanted to avoid breasoning out a high distinction after the time they would have died instead of before it with the effect of appearing to live to prevent the appearance of dying in another universe. I ran this algorithm daily for optimal results.
18. The medicine student worked out the latest thought with logical reasoning. I completed my computer science and philosophy backlogs. I kept a list of grammar-checked sentence versions of my notes. I generated algorithms for these notes using Spec to Algorithm (S2A) and Mind Reader. I tested and saved these in files in my repository.
19. The medicine students had time for new ideas, which they finished too. I finished algorithms in my notes with S2A, neuronets, and feature dependencies with switches. These switches cleaned and sped up algorithms. Writing the features led to new features, improvements, and developments in programming. I manually or automatically added commands to the neuronet.
20. In the mind-reading studio, medical students visualised their thoughts in multiple dimensions with a headset or spiritual projector. I mind-read myself rather than type because typing was archaic, effortful, and dirty. Mind reading could also improve safety and provide thought systems and computerless offices. It was faster and non-invasive, leading to the proposal of an innovative office layout. The new commercial arm offered vocational and higher education accreditation.
21. The medicine student tested the mental keyboard to ensure it worked correctly. The exam tested whether the software correctly mind-read the student under controlled conditions. A student would develop and be assessed on the software. The software could project questions onto a spiritual screen and detect answers. Mind reading could be the input method for a word processor, asking which character the user meant, pre-processing input.
22. The medical student added knowledge about algorithms. Mind reading is necessary to speed up and automate work. It helps managers collect employee and customer thoughts and automates manager characters to help them with their jobs and queries. The employees received the thoughts and helped the customers. They worked out enough high-quality products to impress students' managers or customers and gave them to them.
23. The medicine student finished reading at noon daily, prioritising their workload in categories from 1 to 4 and not enduring stress. The mind-reading word processor started where it left off, saving its progress if the machine crashed. It displays a progress bar for computing the current ideas. I read as much or as little of the report as I liked and was comprehensively filled in on critical details when I continued work. My workload was on my terms, and I felt fulfilled with automation, with the proviso that I was satisfied with my input and could take breaks when I wanted.
24. The medicine student explained that the simulation had secure dimensions and that the simulated apartment was in the holodeck. The private academy was automated and could be paused whenever wanted. The lecturers automated their workload, and the students enjoyed a balance between self-exploration and optimisation with S2A. I applied creative terms to achieve mathematically endless possibilities. I mind-read future discoveries about a discovery from the physics model. I made the simulation possible with complete dimensions, making it safe.
25. The medicine student stated that S2A achieved security by not accepting commands in input to a generated algorithm, using multi-factor authentication in private online algorithms including SSI Web Server, open-reasoning neuronets, encrypt variable names when running, not giving or logging sensitive data as part of errors, using updated dependencies, singleton and types static analysis and missing or misnamed predicates in dynamic analysis, penetration testing, limit user access to the minimum to perform their duties, using secure default settings, turning off unnecessary features and continuously monitor for and fix security threats and vulnerabilities. I conducted security checks by writing algorithms with S2A to generate consistent code from specs. The neuronet found or partially completed staged specs, which S2A and further neuronet/S2A cycles completed. An algorithm type-corrected neuronet code, or the student answered questions about specs, formulas needed and remaining or specs required, or this may be found with S2A, mind-reading, neuronets and the type corrector. Before simplifying the code, it was type-checked for missing parts.