Medicine of Meditation 1

1. The medicine student prepared to commit or upload the new files. After successful tests, I wrote a four-sided qualification for Lucian CI/CD to move files to the repository and back up the old ones. First, I listed the repositories that the algorithm had modified. Next, I backed up the old files and folders, except for invisible files in the original repository. Finally, I moved the new files and folders into the repository.
2. The medicine student inputted lines as strings to split into tokens before unit testing. First, I ran Lucian CI/CD with settings for different testing stages. Next, I called Lucian CI/CD to find tests with particular labels for other repositories and modes. First, I ran unit tests, then integration tests, end-to-end tests, user interface tests and tests in continuous delivery. Finally, I called Lucian CI/CD to run with particular groups of repositories and token, line or predicate modes.
3. The medicine student specified the folders to scan and those to omit in Lucian CI/CD. As I meditated for ten days, I ran Lucian CI/CD on different versions of repositories, which I had finished earlier. After consideration, I didn't do this because they were old, and I needed a single pathway to Eldorado. However, the old versions may have the required features. Separately, I kept top talent close by employing them in the meditation company, where all the ideas would be helpful, and the community could use the person's help.
4. The medicine student checked for correct internationalisation, non-ambiguous command names and non-duplicate predicates. I reported the number of tests passed and the total number of tests. If 100% of the tests passed, then the algorithm reported this. If tests related to a particular predicate were failing, the algorithm used more specific token-integration techniques. I could also use Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to reorder and delete commands and arguments, sometimes using the existing commands.
5. The medicine student wrote neuronetworks for Lucian CI/CD (LC) and CAW. I wrote different versions of predicates to satisfy various tests and merged or reused common code. I found similarities and differences in the tests. I introduced neuronetworks to write code that catered for these cases. I kept the code in separate places when it was simpler to edit.
6. The medicine student tested that the algorithm passed standard and open tests. As I ordered copy for a meditation puja, I performed unit tests at the start to check the predicates worked. The puja needed 4*50, As with working algorithms, for Lucian CI/CD to test for the student to progress. 4*50 As was the equivalent of copywriting. The integration tests were for applications that used the predicates.
7. The medical student allowed the helper algorithm to develop with the programmer, letting them write their helper software. As a student is assessed in understanding multiple pedagogical criteria, if an algorithm fails one test, it will not skip over the other tests for that combination because these would provide helpful information. So I ran all the tests. If a test failed, I found the overarching cause and corrected it. If a change caused the bug, I found the parts of the code that had the desired effect and the parts that didn't, or other parts needed.
8. The medicine student used analytics to help with sales, employee and student productivity and work generation. I wrote an algorithm that scheduled work, rest and play when I felt like them. The algorithm recorded when I walked, allowing time for breaks and unscheduled activities, such as needing to help one's family with the computer. Given work done recently, I factored in my time to get up, time going to bed and any early morning appointments. I wrote software that could help automate work, or help with repetitive tasks, and produced work to satisfy my aims.
9. The musician applied for the song, wrote it and earned money. I wrote a bio and then copywriting for each radio appearance. Companies paid me for streaming, sales and concerts. I wondered what copywriting for 50*50 As was like. It was 2500 or 12.5*a copywriting item price.
10. The person chose acting and paid for a return on income. The actor or writer also wondered about 50*50 As. They ordered the copywriting. They starred or wrote a bestseller. They received the paycheck. It was like academia but more lit up.
11. The medicine student wrote at the required standard. I applied the 50*50 As to all departments. I became a professor, newspaper editor and meditation company founder. I didn't tire by writing 12.5*4*50 As. These ran out, so I designed a computer system to write more. I could develop volumes by applying a new idea to previous ideas.
12. The medicine student found similar ways of thinking recurring in the three levels, such as fine arts and history. I wrote all the As for University. The As were detailed and had more than the As required for A. Certain keywords triggered big ideas. I analysed the previous level, combinations of the ideas in the text, for three levels in the details.
13. The medicine student planned and achieved in meditation. I meditated but pretended to indicate thoughts as meditation each day. I felt developed in my thoughts. I visualised and projected 3D imagery. I automated everything, such as answers to people's questions about immortality.
14. The medicine student felt supported in thinking of the objects. The group meditation centre had accreditation. The students took part in classes. These covered the objects or developed ideas in the chapters. The medicine model was food.
15. The medicine student learned about breasonings and performed well. I worked out that breasonings supported University outcomes. University helped achieved becoming a pedagogue. Working on pedagogical breasonings helped achieve pedagogical goals. I needed university to support me in working on breasonings. I needed breasonings to help me concentrate and perform well at university.
16. The medicine student was given everything they needed in life. The professor made everything from classes to assessments easy. Philosophy was a good subject to teach. The education lecturer examined teaching different subjects. There should be enough time for everyone, and breasonings, As, and money were no object.

17. The medicine student more easily handled complex choicepoints and cuts in non-determinism. Meditation is part of medicine, with its computational philosophy. I ran the non-deterministic Prolog compiler only when there was a choicepoint and a cut. I determined my path with pedagogy. It was a central path with better quality results.
18. The medicine student got the idea for JIT. I found constant inspiration and inroads in my thoughts in meditation. I mocked up a JIT compiler, a deterministic Vetusia version in SSI Web Service. I passed variables in one variable, getting and placing values in it. This web engine was faster and didn't carry the weight of a stack or recursive states.
19. The medicine student applied the zero-critical rule, comparing the algorithm to be better or worse after each simplification towards nothing. I encouraged the animals like people and took their upkeep seriously. I solved State Saving Interpreter's memory problems by deleting past frames I didn't need. I replaced recurring texts with symbols. I also did this with the algorithm in memory, later suggesting optimisations.
20. The medical student identified and achieved the goal, for example, making SSI accessible in a country. I observed that the person was true not only to the simplest possible but to nothing, for example, an effortless breasoning generated by a computer. I solved the SSI memory problem by storing frames on disk. I also used a similar technique with multi-threading to queue items in asserted predicates. I could use the time saved with JIT to write more algorithms.
21. The medicine student studied my texts. I realised I could achieve anything like pranayama with 4*50 As. In addition, I could achieve a tangible goal such as mind reading, time travel, stopping ageing, meditation, high distinctions, creating customers, selling and marketing with 4*50 As. I needed a PhD in Business for many of these skills. I could help others with medicine and time travel with these As, which were life-saving.
22. The medicine student wrote and checked objects representing thoughts. A skill I gave my student was to recognise and discuss an algorithm from texts, effortlessly attaining transcendence. I wrote three 4*50 medicine As on the first day, then two each day after that. Meditation As helped contribute to this if any As were missing. I listed and checked my thoughts as if programming was operating on ground level.
23. The medicine student visited safe, well-lit, populated places with no danger found with a mind reader. I debated giving mind reading 4*50 As, saying that it would work for a good reason, though it would only work for a single thought per 4*50 As, which could be a mind-reading colouring or dot-to-dot book. I breasoned out three time travel As per day, to cover travelling from the point of departure to the first destination, then back to the first point. This list had two locations and satisfied my travel plans. Someone suggested travelling to other planets in terms of my planet's settings, which I considered.
24. The medical student covered the main topics, summarising the mind map and presenting themselves with interesting automation, new algorithmic methods and research directions. The sutra brought a stronger nothing, helping give me the confidence to overcome psychiatric difficulties and gave me happiness. By 4*50 As I meant 4*50 As for arguments and 4*50 As for algorithms. These were based on my writings on each of these over the years. I added new thoughts each week, which the new As were in terms of.
25. The medical student worked on what they felt, aligning with their objectives and overall objectives. I simulated the seen-as-version of reality through Vedic Astrology, with the culmination algorithm mind-reading the academics' children. This technique always accurately depicted reality and considered the types of customers to prepare for. When I got up to writing 4*50 Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) As, I generated six (three time teleportations, two anti-ageing and one meditation) * two (one algorithmic and one argumentary) = twelve As today = 2*(6*16000 sentences) = 2*96,000 sentences = 192,000 sentences. The business returned the number of As or its specification to the breasoner.
26. The medical student employed a funnel to identify old and new ideas. The utterer decided on a constructive meaning for the utterance and applied it to thoughts. The thoughts were the books and algorithms. For example, a simple way of thinking was paginating flowcharts with circular connectors to the next page. I breasoned out the generated work based on my latest work with Text to Breasonings and Text to Algorithm Breasonings, which returned an algorithm corresponding to a word.
27. The medical student planned to open online philosophy academies. I perfectly programmed ideas that meditators could have devised, emulating discourses, algorithms and new thoughts. I articulated to a research journal in which I published my research. The philosopher identified with specific objectives in their mission, including recording cherished memories and milestones in their career. The philosopher planned their career, including selling books and setting up businesses.
28. The medicine student reached and stayed at the top. I generated enough As for the student, for sales or assignments with students, which writing 4*50 BAG As automatically did. Before deciding to use BAG, I considered paying for copywriting for the As, for two dimensions (time travel destinations), with As for algorithms and arguments, using an algorithm dictionary, four As per week and one A of algorithms, and writing "540-degree" (BAG) As for student As and sales. I helped students with their specific thoughts by mind reading them in increasing resolution if they wanted it, as they approached, to work on an objective in their assignment. They may need help with the overall approach and style of the assignment.
29. The medicine student claimed that fully protected time travel and therefore freezing ageing was natural and optimal. I captured and helped group dynamics in the class by mind-reading receptive people, aiding participation and meeting criteria in the discussion. I wrote details for time travel daily from 540 (BAG) As. This algorithm was vital because time travel needed the As to withstand ageing in the home character. This requirement, 4*50 As satisfied the robots and nature and protected the person.
30. The medical student read and wrote on others' and their screen with output and input breasonings. For example, I mind read with 4*50 As of breasonings and presented my thoughts as breasonings. This presentation arose as a symphony of epistemology. I used mind reading to aid subliminal study in my sleep. I wrote ideas in my sleep, aiding my memory with cues with mind projection by the computer and recording my comments, funnelling towards cut-off, accurate conclusions. 
31. The medicine student pushed forward the BAG in case distractions arose during the day. I prepared for expected and positive events in business, allowing for economic and technological changes. I designed systems that worked well for everyone, for example, conversations to achieve aims at each point. If BAG didn't work, the person asked the people of the future to put through the algorithms for them to the best of their ability with an algorithm the person wrote with GL details for 2 million breasonings. However, neither would this likely work nor would there be too many problems to complete the BAG As. They are personal, in effect, citizen-type.
32. The medicine student didn't have to produce the breasonings but should later. Accreditation contained 250 breasonings per assignment, allowing a single, effectual image or musical idea to be represented. This image or sound epitomised the effort and rewarded the student's work. I considered writing 250 breasonings first about asking for As when I couldn't produce BAG As, but I just completed the As. I enticed students to complete each assignment in the qualification with 250 breasonings at the end and another 250 breasonings for the finished qualification.

33. The medicine student oversaw the breasoning plan, finding out perfectly programmed algorithms from their science. The utterances were presented as based on the breasonings. I searched through viral, mind reading, funnels and core consumer interests for algorithmic directions. These algorithms produced text-based results and were the essence of efficiency. The founder presented the breasoning plan and paradoxically completed them without knowing what they would be.
34. The medicine student rewrote the BAG results for clarity and when it gave them new ideas. The purushan industries were programming, writing and education. I wrote an algorithm to produce more, shorter texts with the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) algorithm. It had the right balance of time versus length for algorithms and arguments. The BAG algorithm produced complete sentences, contributing to purushan work.
35. The medicine student claimed one person said business was superior to academia, and another said academia is a business. The meditation utterance helped to reduce stress to zero by doing all the work for the programmer. I connected my recent algorithms to my previous and best algorithms. This increased the excitement about the new algorithms and celebrated the classics! I noticed the initial sales curve was haphazard at first, slowly increased, then decreased. The software wasn't perfect, so more people were needed.
36. The medicine student randomly generated sounds to test for stories. The teacher needed to meditate to teach meditation. I placed my music description, MIDI, lyrics and meta files on the website. I used mind reading, funnel and word/instrument match to find better songs. The first person found out meditation and meditated, where finding out music was similar to composing it.
37. The medicine student developed software that made it easy to develop software that did what you wanted it to at first (i.e. eliminated web development problems). The teacher taught the parents, children, students and workers meditation and the way. I bought the computer with another operating system, or emulation software to test my software. I wrote my own packages to prevent relying on others' packages updates crippling my software. Meditation and developing standalone software simplified life.
38. The medicine student formed their thoughts in the unabridged version. I agreed with meditation with the Upasana sutra to see imagery, of the yellow outback and a red lizard, representing the academy. This algorithm helped form the academy. The employees rated the manager. The manager read the feedback, and included the suggestions, considered the comments and answered the questions, for example wasn't frightened of neuronetworks to help their experience. The literary algorithm was a long-winded first attempt at a problem.
39. The medicine student asked the question and the person answered. The meditator visualised a moving appearance-like still, such as a livid flower. I examined business departments from the point of view of employees, customers and me. It was as if I actually was them and could listen to their inner dialogue, at least I could pretend it. I listened to the student's feedback about the form.
40. The medicine student wrote a movie exposing the unique point of the idea. I introduced the meditation movie maker, which wasn't afraid of being interested in an idea. I constructed a budget for advertisements and accreditation. I could substitute word of mouth for advertisements and a reasoning system for accreditation. The idea that was ranked number one was the best music, the best image and the best algorithm.
41. The medicine student valued the development environment of Prolog, and arrived at thoughts themselves, perhaps delete the choice points. Upasana helped me visualise computer data flow, from input, through the computer, to output. I made my lecturer by increasing the human with neuronetworks that helped them achieve the heights in the time, helped achieve 100%, culminating in a program or project that was useful and memorable.
42. The medicine student wrote that PhD topics need to be literature and research based, with enough detail. Meditation helped form a job framework that could do what the computer could do, or what the employee could do, but the extra human contribution was near-impossible to replace. Lucian CI/CD shouldn't allow only deletions, but should allow insertions and changes, for progress. Otherwise, the algorithm could be backdated. However, some automation systems could find simpler versions of algorithms, for example postgraduate articulation to meditation.
43. The medicine student extolled the virtues of functional decomposition in computer science, for example unification in Prolog by getting values for the left and right hand sides, followed by putting the values in. I fulfilled the multisubject-long meditation teaching practicum. I entered many changes in Lucian CI/CD by first running with possible deletions first, for example having a mini-Lucian CI/CD environment that found individual predicates that matched tests. I tested the called predicate first, then the calling predicate, ensuring that there were no unwanted nn-deterministic results.
44. The medicine student could see the result of code at the time, with code and debugging suggestions. The job holder was given meditation As for ideas to appear. I wrote a Prolog to List Prolog back-conversion algorithm for verification and one for the pretty printing algorithm. It converted from Prolog to List Prolog, and back, and the same for the pretty printer. I could see the non-deterministic result coming.
45. The medicine student asked, "What will be more user friendly?", which was answered with "premium code checking". The meditator developed texts to meditate, for example about sun safety. The future computer was similar to mine (it could run BAG in the same time) and my home time had computers, which I ran BAG on to freeze my age. Lucian CI/CD's bottom up version overcame needing shorter code instead of fewer changes, and allowed longer code with as many changes as needed. The early computer pioneers developed algorithms to run computers with.
46. The medicine student put the related code in a predicate and gave their name, labelled and dated it. I stated that 50 breasonings were the minimum for a thought, and were the inspiration threshold. I refactored the algorithm by writing the pattern matching code, CAW-style neuronetworks and databases of C modules for Prolog, for example word frequency finder and CAW-style neuronetworks. There was also a tightener, which deleted excess code and clauses, reranked clauses by popularity and introduced type verification or deleted constants if the code needed it. The computer science student reached threshold to draft the code three times.
47. The medicine student replaced success signals in Lucian CI/CD with predicates and success signals. The levels were required for full brain potential, including key expressionism. DFA minimiser could be found by recognising a state machine, and removing extra parts with diff. The possibility of inserting cuts at different points was also computed.  Some people will find the way.
48. The medicine student reached threshold with the number of breasonings. I connected meditation to algorithms with breasonings. I wrote a version of music composer with listenable sections as I composed. It had eight, not four groups of two notes per bar, allowed the human user to experiment with entered and detailedly mind read sets of instruments and allowed them to play composed or generated sections on the fly. The musical meanings were collected and indicated with breasonings.

preds are inserted after predicates of their name and arity

read about cut behaviour and program it

I'm writing about how all the tests for a current predicate need to be passed, and all the tests for the repository need to be passed and concerning the correct tests for the current predicates and numbering predicates.
- there are different tests for each of these results

all tests come from preds from main file first pred

bug fix text files being wrongly converted to [[comment]] rather than [[[comment]]]


clauses
7 changes of preds
- integrate
- build
- test - for pred of name, arity
add them and continue

- build with all preds present (not just those tested) to avoid problems with order
- subterm with address to get and put preds

check order
remove dups incl from loops x remove what is in loops from rest

label find dep preds for find groups, run sub term with add, delete dups, sub back

poss bugs
- loop1,_] then more items

check on exiting pred ns in t15


lc find deps

don't try further groups if fails
group items by looping, shells

group loops, shell items together

delete extra instances of preds
- start with lower instances of pred before deleting upper instances
*2. 
*0 x 1. v - find loop1 first
-- 

Do as many tests as possible rather than than stop after failing one. x--

Lc find dependencies 
Post order dfs


Groups have items below them--
- put them below group (test first)
*1 x 0. 

Call called overlapping ab…ab
C
-make group x have error
highest definition to Lowest call
- other calls within the group can be tested individually x in the group x individually - for calls leaving the loop
- predicates forming loop parts not needed to be tested - warning if there are missing tests
later: loops within loops, two links in a part of the loop
- later: multiple loops from same pred

Don’t delete dup preds x

Correct on book
v

dfs post order x pre order
- x


instead of using a top or first var, use 2 clauses


lc find deps

test many preds
group loops in dfs

order_preds_bottom_up1_post_order_dfs(_22604, [1], [[1, [2, 3]], [2, []], [3, [4]],[4,[]]], [0, [1]], A).

I ran Lucian CI/CD for each repository connected to the first repository.
I only tested a predicate while testing predicates bottom-up once.
I always loaded data, comments and tests in files.
The tests will be loaded for each predicate.
The predicates needed for other predicates are loaded when a file has been modified.
Tests are run that correspond to a repository's primary file name, where Lucian CI/CD fails without this file name.
Lucian CI/CD tests each whole repository at a time.
I assumed all files in a repository are called by the main file.
If other repositories used a predicate, I tested them as well.
When running a repository, I checked that all predicates in other repositories were loaded with the package manager.

Ssiws as swipl lib--

Toplevel, append 1


lc

- test preds bottom-up:
- list preds in the touched files and their preds
- number preds
- order preds in bottom-up order
 - if there is a loop, group preds
- test pred groups with not yet done tests

- combos apply to new preds in each group
- if pred unchanged, skip it x won't know(), other changes may affect it
- test 1 pred group (with all clauses) at a time
- save changes x each run goes from start

- tests should be loaded first
- if no test, error
- only test Prolog bottom-up

x lc runs all tests anyway, just run tests bottom-up to reset 7 changes

- log reports preds tested, result
- if everything passes, saves files
- can find best changes across versions, just need tests for new preds
 - so, error on no test ensures that it is all tested
- at least save re-lc'd repos as go

* identify pred with name and arity
* sm

x It is best to run lc with small changes at a time, obsoleting the above x sometimes multiple teams work on multiple changes


--

rerun lc for each group
- only test a pred once
- always load data files (the last version of lc that is compatible with non prolog is before 1 8 23)
- how will the tests be loaded - for each pred
- preds needed for preds are different from touched files
 - need a test that contains a repo's main file name, fails without it
 - test whole alg, don't worry about changed files x test at, above changed preds x test whole alg (what if order is different) x run lc when a file changes, but test whole alg x test changed parts
 - assumed all files in a repo are called by the main file
  - if other repos use a pred, test them as well
 - use lppm deps to produce error if a pred isn't found x check a pred from another repo is loaded using lppm (when that repo is the main one), otherwise error x when running a repo, check all preds in other repos are loaded with lppm
 

--

Different each time
Same for a student’s assess


Accred for people, dis at uni
Questionnaire about phil


4*50 As for regular fb, google ads--


Choose, explain and write a program for a person--


Find students after uni lecture and talk --


Sell books in city--


If can’t afford to sell amazon books, point to free online books--


Multiple Questionnaires on clipboards --

Cold call or sell courses on street--

Software box with usb drive for different systems


Plastic sheet for box of books--


+, - etc in lp2p--

----


make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

---

do thing like musc comp mr for algs (art, architecture, design)
---
1000s algs

- each dept
eg medit check medits are all alright
run tests for a pred with another to see if they are the same predicate

run pl from ssi, lpi (for web) v

make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

luciancicd 23 6 23

- list diff summary, link in log
- toc at start with file names
- line nums
- not pl or pp0, remove comments

- how long doc is at start
- toc also in diff files
web luciancicd

- lets choose from possible changes (for up to seven changes at a time x)
- version description for group of changes
- can upload or not upload after a group tests positive

diff html - updates first check box list after changes - checks what happened to each change
table of contents of changes
asks if want to manually keep text, comments
ssi need check boxes
luciancicd needs web output

x no multiple stages

each pipeline, result and diff (of finished version)
- start pipeline command and logs
- result, not live results

xx tests can't be separated from each other, so do simple web app

chronological order

keep 4 levels

---

Money: property
- Job: aged care

% help-replace alg with solution
- one pred at a time
- paraph
- only hints for each line and args, not the order of args xx
- explain and confirm understanding of the code x

% vetusia-style website with login, enrollment (with payment 40 4*50 As for high -powered refunds), account, courses-teaching, assessment (plagiarism checker) and help.

% ssi ws wo x payment, pl in lp

bus bank acct

bo* sales
test ws, courses
bytecode lpi lang

&varlist
=variable list


Ask the female head of state robot nicely if she can do medicine and immortality things.
- Still need tt As
- don't need to tt (die to home time)

x the other character will get old and have lower quality of life

25 7 23 gmail

Gc
If only 1 item per level, delete level 

La com

Help everyone with model solution for each alg line


Pol

Plainnesses join mix fun

lucianpl
A is B evaluates both sides

Human bot mindful of medic prob--


% split200.pl

% I supported freezing one's age with meditation politically, including its lifestyle and implications.

% 3 sales, with groups of 3 4*50 As 5-8 seconds apart
% all 20 x 100% positive thoughts
% half of 4*50 As should be det mr
% protected with seen-as appearance


4*50 As with bag texts - 2 words replaced with terms from A, 8 words replaced with antonym brdict1-2 words
- some bag results left alone for an A for themselves

split of 200
- 0.5 text details
- only nec for tt, medic, medit
- rest sales (mr):

morally end mr not working

everyone contributes As to mr

find out whether customer is a lead

if so do alg

alg
- () 3 level funnels for each of:
- aim i/o - data
- thing that interests you - 1 command
- if more m-readers, can have more thoughts - 5 commands (and more data)
- br is descr of alg
- if alg doesn't work, make up 5 more

* It is a non-profit business. The paid students (who are employed from dividends from investments) x the volunteer students are found through a site will have A given to them at the time. 

- focus mr from other times on a single time
- 10 4*50 As to find best times of day

x keep first 200 for me

remove double quotes from paraphraser1

--


Stops back aches

Protect texts as within sliders- 1 of 10 points

Antonyms for each word

Antonyms for t2b, t2ba

Br, t2ba ant

Replace with theirwords in original textfile

Shell bag saves each br set

For new medits, find pos with few det mr, more mr and mostly random

Catch timeout for bag
- find time from logs
--

Bag give self A for A--

bag
- count all br, even failed ones
- count and stop when algs, args reach n

only count working br (total is correct but day2.pl's counter overcounts)
- change day2.pl, bag_args21.pl etc and bag

 
need 1 person each bag person faces to be done too 
4*50 As for br face expressions
?- N=1,M=14000,texttobr(5,u,"square",M).


move gh/private2 to gh-private2
(ghp2 refers to files in gh)
save ghp2 as gh on server
find refs to private2 and change them

x

t2b data can be public
move private data to private repos
- t2b medits, meditnoreplace


* git get updated software-as-files

bag
delete time notifs
- reports of total, br true
print out when over 6000
put recent docs in

bring time limit from 5 -> 2*average v

use faster of alg of concurrent v/old bag - v


* put in gh

continuous hqt

gits.txt - download ghs to vps

test_alarm.pl on a minute/hour
swipl 



--

wasm
- multithreading, web

https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-loading


try running up to 96k br in an hour

--x:
javascript

window.open('https://www.javatpoint.com')
 
 run js from wasm
 https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-js-call
 
 
 google: javascript send receive data with apis
bag

exclude sparse files with low scores

conflicted copies from mba dropbox:


mac crontab -e (?)
customise x
run a person's bag every 2 hours x 5 minutes if not running
except audio alert, putting through
move log file after n done

separate archive aa log into new alg
pop singer v keep new bag
if bag fails, redo v

adrian antonia hqt x redo bag
download t2b non concurrent for vps vx kept concurr

ameet ass
ssi


copy bag to priv2, vps

delete () in freeze v
perhaps take random section x start

- test where last line of eg 6000 is
+5% v
repair t2b, t2ab dicts v

remove non alpha chars t2b v

br, v
t2ab v

daily reg v

recent algs, args v
multithread bag, t2b, t2ab (with installers for different cpu n - test whether only top level pred needs duplicating) v

9 7 23

test run bag on vps for 24h
upload non critical repos each day
email count at 9 AM

today restart, send email at 12 PM
- upload with sending 2 emails x 3, one at 3 PM


I wrote on sales during my MBA to help me build networks.
I wrote about business during my MBA to help me build networks.
I will be highly distinguished for GSBS6005Marketing Management and Planning (T2 2023 ONLINE).

---

 
