["Green, L 2021, <i>Immortal world equals real world</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Immortal world equals real world - I feel good.

1.  I wrote the content management system with SSI.  As part of this, I could dole out the editing status.  I used Web Editor.  It was able to be downloaded and edited.  It was online for all to see, and I could back it up and revert to any version.
2.  I managed the project with SSI.  Everyone could see all task statuses on one page.  Everyone and everything needed to be perfect-each task must be differentiated into different functions (to put together) to maintain simplicity.  I inserted code that could show common elements and recommended website structures, such as mind-mapping and delegation.
3.  I wrote task lists with SSI.  I mind-read the algorithm specification to use from my philosophy.  From these specifications, I wrote five algorithms per day.  I could generate documentation with SSI.  The documentation described the algorithm and input and output.
4.  The website (the database and viewer files) was stored offline and updated using a tool.  I designed the interface with SSI.  I could bulk process web pages by editing their common elements.  I could move, comment out or use a database to display content.  The database was a series of text files with current files needing labels.
5.  I could move content between programs and wrote an algorithm that formatted text in columns.  I did this as part of writing the Word Processor in SSI.  First, I entered the List Formatting Language (LFL) text.  I spell-checked it.  I inserted the table using LFL.
6.  I formatted the report, web page or email using the spreadsheet.  I wrote a spreadsheet in SSI.  It could map data from horizontal and vertical, and back.  It could use a formula finder to achieve an aim.  I drew the (radial) graph automatically.
7.  I wrote the interactive software as a presentation, then converted it to a program (which users could modify).  I wrote the presentation software in SSI.  I moved forward or back using arrows or a mouse button on web pages.  It could run programs on web pages.  It demoed software prototypes in SSI.
8.  I edited and viewed the reports and data.  I did this as part of writing the database in SSI.  I asked for particular fields.  I could auto-populate data using an algorithm.  I used a database formula finder to find that specific columns intersected in the formula.
9.  The program automatically wrote emails at the right time.  As part of this, I wrote the email program in SSI.  This program sent and received messages.  It encrypted messages.  It automatically replied, sorted messages and took action.
10.  I could program the course and test students' understanding of the algorithms.  I wrote online courses in SSI.  I changed the content management system to a learning management system.  I taught about SSI using itself (its algorithms).  I taught about developing an information phone, which users could use to copy and download text and documents.
11.  I automated tasks using SSI.  To do this, I wrote the algorithm to run at a particular time of day.  Then, I used the algorithm to automate daily tasks. Finally,   I edited the scheduled tasks to be run by Prolog.  For example, I moved the automated functions and changed them to multi-threaded on my computer.
12.  I could almost \"time-travel\" using the calendar.  As part of this, I wrote the calendar in SSI.  This calendar app helped with automation and automatically opened chat meetings.  It also sent reminder emails or triggered alarms.  In addition, I could also plan events millennia later.
13.  I saved the best music, reminding me of my work highlights.  I wrote the work music app using SSI.  The algorithm chose the music from a list to match the time of day or task.  Or it was composed while the user worked.  It might play music when appropriate (at the end) and stop playing it when an activity shouldn't be interrupted.
14.  I gained money and information technology resources to start a company.  I wrote a secure app in SSI.  No one could hack the app through the web, i.e. it couldn't access others' information if it crashed.  Also, hackers couldn't hack it as if a user had paid when they hadn't.  The user's path through the app was private, and people couldn't track it.
15.  I could ask a user to test algorithms by entering data and asking if there were other data it should process.  I tried the product with SSI.  I asked for feedback after each page or group of pages.  Sometimes, I asked for feedback after one idea on a page.  Occasionally, the users could customise algorithm elements (for example, skip a question if the user meets a condition).
16.  I customised the product with SSI.  I could add retry to SSI.  Then, I could retry an oddly behaving predicate and change it.  SSI Web Service made the algorithm more accessible via the web and allowed feedback that could transform into customisation (collapsing and expanding a trace view).   I viewed changed data in a customised app in a text file to test changes to the app.
"]