["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to be a pedagogy helper. I did this by providing History service as breasonings currency. First, I examined the genes. Second, I rebreasoned-repeated-scienced it out. Third, I knew it. In this way, I prepared to be a pedagogy helper. I did this by providing History service as breasonings currency..

32.   I prepared to visit the strawberry heart holds of Venus. I did this by providing Philosophy service as breasonings currency. First, I caught it slightly. Second, I listened to the vet's advice. Third, I was real about the world. In this way, I prepared to visit the strawberry heart holds of Venus by providing Philosophy service as breasonings currency.

33.   I prepared to enumerate myself. I did this by providing History and Philosophy of Science service as breasonings currency. First, I designed the heart fields. Second, I held the love heart. Third, I helped with Micky. In this way, I prepared to enumerate myself by providing History and Philosophy of Science service as breasonings currency.

34.   I prepared to becharm it slightly. I did this by providing Earth studies service as breasonings currency. First, I transcended lightly. Second, I advanced as a happy theatre character. Third, I wrote about the framework of Earth. In this way, I prepared to becharm it slightly by providing Earth studies service as breasonings currency.

35.   I prepared to listen to the monologue. I did this by providing Environmental Design in Architecture service as breasonings currency. First, I held up the ape fruit. Second, I held up gazebos. Third, I held the jaw up. In this way, I prepared to listen to the monologue by providing Environmental Design in Architecture service as breasonings currency.

36.   I prepared to write about Venus. I did this by providing Planning and Design service as breasonings currency. First, I had 0.1 million hits. Second, I led a healthy lifestyle. Third, I negotiated a high quality of life. In this way, .

37.   I prepared to anaeirenate (sic) it. I did this by providing Property and Construction service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about nautilus. Second, I h-liked (sic) it. Third, I meditated on the God (master). In this way, I prepared to anaeirenate (sic) it by providing Property and Construction service as breasonings currency.

38.   I prepared to write on fresh air. I did this by providing Faculty of Arts service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote on aquanauts. Second, I helped you write. Third, I structured it facitly. In this way, I prepared to write on fresh air by providing Faculty of Arts service as breasonings currency.

39.   I prepared to write the Gay Song. I did this by providing American Studies service as breasonings currency. First, I assisted you. Second, I lit the light. Third, I helped you write. In this way, I prepared to write the Gay Song by providing American Studies service as breasonings currency.

40.  I prepared to identify types. I did this by providing Ancient Greek service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about Plato's theory of forms indicating that a collection of names and forms, an A, was given to an organ. Second, I wrote, 'What about these organs, what if they receive A, what then?' Third, I asked 'What's the point of Medicine?' In this way, I prepared to identify types by providing Ancient Greek service as breasonings currency.

41.   I prepared to insert wonderment. I did this by providing Ancient, Medieval and Early Modern Studies service as breasonings currency. First, I held the rod. Second, I held the shaft with the hole in it. Third, I inserted the rod in the shaft. In this way, I prepared to insert wonderment by providing Ancient, Medieval and Early Modern Studies service as breasonings currency.

42.   I prepared to dial N for Nellie. I did this by providing Anthropology service as breasonings currency. First, I held up. Second, I disposed with things. Third, I took care of it with anubis. In this way, I prepared to dial N for Nellie. I did this by providing Anthropology service as breasonings currency.


"]