["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to write about deciduousness. I did this by providing Universe service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the Universe's dada. Second, I wrote about the immunogymnastics. Third, I wrote about the glyphs. In this way, I prepared to write about deciduousness by providing Universe service as breasonings currency.

12.   I prepared to read about the solar flare. I did this by providing Sun service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the solar funtastics. Second, I wrote about secular genetastics. Third, I . In this way, I prepared to read about the solar flare by providing Sun service as breasonings currency.

13.    I prepared to preserve life on Earth. I did this by providing Wisdom service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about gene wizardry. Second, I wrote about happisissiances (sic). Third, I wrote about the sun. In this way, I prepared to preserve life on Earth by providing Wisdom service as breasonings currency.

14.   I prepared to observe peace on Mars. I did this by providing Peace service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the Peace Corps. Second, I wrote about the hintinesses (sic). Third, I wrote about loving people. In this way, I prepared to observe peace on Mars by providing Peace service as breasonings currency.

15.   I prepared to help the birds. I did this by providing Environment service as breasonings currency. First, I helped the trees. Second, I designed the pathway. Third, I helped the people. In this way, I prepared to help the birds by providing Environment service as breasonings currency.

16.   I prepared to . I did this by providing Robotics service as breasonings currency. First, I programmed the robot. Second, I designed it's brain. Third, I denured (sic) (removed bacteria from) it. In this way, .

17.   I prepared to digested the chylomicrons. I did this by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency. First, I listened to the output of the Chemist's brain. Second, I demuted it. Third, I denuded it. In this way, I prepared to digested the chylomicrons by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.

18.   I prepared to enamour myself lightly. I did this by In this way, providing Masculinities service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote jelucian reasonings. Second, I liked Eustace. Third, I liked succulent. In this way, I prepared to enamour myself lightly by providing Masculinities service as breasonings currency.

19.    I prepared to eat out. I did this by providing Feminism service as breasonings currency. First, I found the women, for example Luce Irigaray. Second, I accepted her. Third, I accepted women with safety in mind. In this way, I prepared to eat out by providing Feminism service as breasonings currency.

20.  I prepared to dissect it. I did this by providing Beauty service as breasonings currency. First, I captured it. Second, I ramponponed (sic) it. Third, I described it. In this way, I prepared to dissect it by providing Beauty service as breasonings currency.

"]