["Green, L 2021, <i>Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 1 of 4



1. Serotonin prevents a headache from riding in a vehicle.

1a. Pray for a pot to prevent a headache each day.

2. Whenever there is an upset, mentally 'stay' the pot from being removed for money by a federal politician.

3. Breason out 250 breasonings of the apple (5 apples=1*1*1, 2*2*2, 3*3*3, 4*4*4, 5*5*5 cm) to keep the pot protecting individuals.

4. Breason out 5 pots (pot=10*10*10 cm) in 5 seconds to prevent headaches on walks and in cars and trains.

There is empirical evidence that the honey pot prayer works because of muscle cells being in a state of relaxation.

Pooh with pot

1aa.     I prepared to eat the tofu ice cream.  I did this by eating the slice of tangerine.  First, I sliced the tangerine.  Second, I chewed the slice.  Third, I swallowed it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the tofu ice cream by eating the slice of tangerine.

2.    I prepared to state that I am happy.  I did this by eating the sliced peach.  First, I opened the can.  Second, I spooned the peach slice out.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to state that I am happy by eating the sliced peach.

3.    I prepared to be a doctor.  I did this by drinking from the streams of juice.  First, I found out the izzimokays (the party).  Second, I went up something fast moving.  Third, I help captives.  In this way, I prepared to be a doctor by drinking from the streams of juice.

4.    I prepared to benefit from increased productivity.  I did this by recursively applying Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) to the levels of the organisation.  First, I applied it to the first level.  Second, I prepared to repeat this for each of the current manager's child nodes.  Third, I repeated this until all the employees had been trained in it.  In this way, I prepared to benefit from increased productivity by recursively applying Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) to the levels of the organisation.

5.    I prepared to benefit from vitamin C.  I did this by eating the apple.  First, I found the slicer.  Second, I sliced the apple.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to benefit from vitamin C by eating the apple.

6.    I prepared to master my life.  I did this by write 100 As per assignment for first class honours in Masters or PhD.  First, I wrote the first A.  Second, I prepared to write the next A.  Third, I repeated this until I had written 100 As per assignment.  In this way, I prepared to master my life by write 100 As per assignment for first class honours in Masters or PhD.

7.    I prepared to perform the activity.  I did this by taking elderberry to prevent a runny nose.  First, I stated that elderberry contained vitamin B.  Second, I stated that elderberry contained vitamin B complexes.  Third, I drank the elderberry juice.  In this way, I prepared to perform the activity by taking elderberry to prevent a runny nose.

8.    I prepared to feel safe.  I did this by preventing honey (strawberry sauce) from dripping down my lips.  First, I spooned the strawberry sauce into my mouth.  Second, I sealed my lips.  Third, I swallowed the strawberry sauce.  In this way, I prepared to feel safe by preventing honey (strawberry sauce) from dripping down my lips.

9.    I prepared to spoon the strawberries from the glass.  I did this by drinking the cordial.  First, I poured the cordial.  Second, I drank the cordial.  Third, I put the glass down on the table.  In this way, I prepared to spoon the strawberries from the glass by drinking the cordial.

10.  I prepared to eat from the plate.  I did this by depositing the item in the receptacle.  First, I picked up the item.  Second, I deposited it in the receptacle.  Third, I closed the receptacle's lid.  In this way, I prepared to eat from the plate by depositing the item in the receptacle.

"]