["Green, L 2021, <i>Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 3 of 4

21. I prepared to like the body metaphor about the mind metaphor.  I did this by providing Mind Metaphor service as breasonings currency.  First, I observed that the person was friendly.  Second, I examined the cup.  Third, I examined you.  In this way, I prepared to like the body metaphor about the mind metaphor by providing Mind Metaphor service as breasonings currency.

22. I prepared to wait fro two more.  I did this by providing Future Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked breasoning currency.  Second, I exaggerated dearly.  Third, I helped people, wrote their ideas down and waited for the next one.  In this way, I prepared to wait fro two more by providing Future Studies service as breasonings currency.

23. I prepared to provide more of it.  I did this by providing Aesthetics service as breasonings currency.  First, I helped the aesthetes.  Second, I helped the elite class.  Third, I debutanted (sic) slightly.  In this way, I prepared to provide more of it by providing Aesthetics service as breasonings currency.

24. I prepared to eat up daily.  I did this by providing Epistemology service as breasonings currency.  First, I viewed teachers as God (the master).  Second, I viewed government as God (the master).  Third, I wrote on Epistemology about it.  In this way, I prepared to eat up daily by providing Epistemology service as breasonings currency.

25. I prepared to fill up God (the master) with all departments.  I did this by providing Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I chose the main essays.  Second, I wrote on the hydrogen pop test.  Third, I stayed safe.  In this way, I prepared to fill up God (the master) with all departments by providing Science service as breasonings currency.

26. I prepared to love myself.  I did this by providing Love service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved love.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I loved me.  In this way, I prepared to love myself by providing Love service as breasonings currency.

27. I prepared to eat into things.  I did this by providing Sex knowledge service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote about sex.  Second, I wrote about you, my aunt.  Third, I wrote about me, your nephew.  In this way, I prepared to eat into things by providing Sex knowledge service as breasonings currency.

28. I prepared to be important.  I did this by providing Politics service as breasonings currency.  First, I protected my partner.  Second, I dug the potato.  Third, I was free.  In this way, I prepared to be important by providing Politics service as breasonings currency.

29. I prepared to tie the entire argument to a single word.  I did this by providing Primary School Philosophy service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the song with 50 As.  Second, I wrote the philosophy book with 50 As.  Third, I wrote, 'Isn't that great?'  In this way, I prepared to tie the entire argument to a single word by providing Primary School Philosophy service as breasonings currency.

30. I prepared to study in secondary school.  I did this by providing Secondary School Philosophy service as breasonings currency.  First, I cooked the potato with olive oil.  Second, I freed the person from their tether.  Third, I skipped forward.  In this way, I prepared to study in secondary school by providing Secondary School Philosophy service as breasonings currency.

"]