["Green, L 2021, <i>4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 1 of 4



1. To prepare the digestive system tract for breakfast and to prepare the body for the day.

1a.     I prepared to choose Derrida.  I did this by providing Arabic Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I lit up the Arabic-speaking states.  Second, I helped myself to the H1s.  Third, I enunciated 'ha' clearly.  In this way, I prepared to choose Derrida by providing Arabic Studies service as breasonings currency.

2.     I prepared to .  I did this by providing Architectural History service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote on the balustrades.  Second, I ate the tofu snuff.  Third, I admired the bluestone University building.  In this way, .

3.     I prepared to eat the tofu.  I did this by providing Art History service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the halchitectures (sic).  Second, I used the aqualung.  Third, I needed you now.  In this way, I prepared to eat the tofu by providing Art History service as breasonings currency.

4.     I prepared to eat the blackberry.  I did this by providing Asian Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I entertained my partner.  Second, I loved his huckleys.  Third, I applied make-up to him.  In this way, I prepared to eat the blackberry by providing Asian Studies service as breasonings currency.

5.    I prepared to include the heart.  I did this by providing Astronomy service as breasonings currency.  First, I examined the star.  Second, I saw if an examiner had changed after looking at it.  Third, I included the septum.  In this way, I prepared to include the heart by providing Astronomy service as breasonings currency.

6.     I prepared to land in the plane.  I did this by providing Australian Indigenous Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I ate the tart.  Second, I drank the strawberry juice.  Third, I helped them to take off.  In this way, I prepared to land in the plane by providing Australian Indigenous Studies service as breasonings currency.

7.     I prepared to be with the best.  I did this by providing Australian Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I held the lamb.  Second, I held the Mardi Gras badge.  Third, I asked, 'Do you like me?' In this way, I prepared to be with the best by providing Australian Studies service as breasonings currency.

8.     I prepared to sketch Venus.  I did this by providing Biology and Botany service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the barnacles.  Second, I drew them.  Third, I made an etching.  In this way, I prepared to sketch Venus by providing Biology and Botany service as breasonings currency.

9.     I prepared to jive on.  I did this by providing Business law service as breasonings currency.  First, I paid breasoning currency with business law service.  Second, I verified the job task with this currency.  Third, I protected the consumer with the business.  In this way, I prepared to jive on by providing Business law service as breasonings currency.

10.   I prepared to eat vegan lasagne.  I did this by providing Catalan service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the house.  Second, I spoke to it's occupants in Catalan.  Third, I gave them a souvenir stamp.  In this way, I prepared to eat vegan lasagne by providing Catalan service as breasonings currency.

"]