["Green, L 2021, <i>Head of State Head Ache Prevention 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Head of State Head Ache Prevention 1 of 4



1. Prevent headaches by thinking clearly of Head of State.

Dot on, then wave a flag symbolising being polite by speaking after the last comment, then say sorry to the Head of State before any mistakes to avoid a headache.

See also Hours Prayer.

1a. I prepared to help others prevent headaches (have relaxed head and neck muscles).  I did this by switching off the headache (relaxing my head and neck muscles) at head of state level.  First, I found the head of state level.  Second, I switched off the headache.  Third, I worked in comfort.  In this way, I prepared to help others prevent headaches (have relaxed head and neck muscles) by switching off the headache (relaxing my head and neck muscles) at head of state level.

2. I prepared to think of my day holistically.  I did this by meeting the head of state.  First, I arranged to meet the head of state.  Second, I met him.  Third, I shook his hand.  In this way, I prepared to think of my day holistically by meeting the head of state.

3. I prepared to receive the synthesis of the work of the members of the office of the head of state.  I did this by stating that the members of the office of the head of state processed the A.  First, I contacted the members of the office of the head of state.  Second, I gave them a copy of the A.  Third, I observed them process the A.  In this way, I prepared to receive the synthesis of the work of the members of the office of the head of state by stating that the members of the office of the head of state processed the A.

4. I prepared to recline and reflect on the head of state headache prevention method.  I did this by sitting on the throne.  First, I faced the throne.  Second, I placed the union on the throne.  Third, I sat on the throne.  In this way, I prepared to recline and reflect on the head of state headache prevention method by sitting on the throne.

5. I prepared to ensure that the head was carefully taken care of.  I did this by loving the head.  First, I cleaned the head.  Second, I made sure that it was warm enough.  Third, I made sure that it was light enough.  In this way, I prepared to ensure that the head was carefully taken care of by loving the head.

6. I prepared to plan to avoid a headache.  I did this by talking in a high quality way.  First, I talked about your head.  Second, I talked about it's comfort.  Third, I talked about it's stillness.  In this way, I prepared to plan to avoid a headache by talking in a high quality way.

7. I prepared to walk in the middle of the path.  I did this by listening to the instructions to achieve positive functionalism.  First, I started walking on my path.  Second, I continued walking on my path.  Third, I finished walking on my path.  In this way, I prepared to walk in the middle of the path by listening to the instructions to achieve positive functionalism.

8. I prepared to give myself an all-over workout.  I did this by performing the cardio-vascular workout.  First, I went for a run.  Second, I cleared my mind.  Third, I relaxed my body.  In this way, I prepared to give myself an all-over workout by performing the cardio-vascular workout.

9. I prepared to help the other be productive.  I did this by instructing the person to prevent a headache.  First, I ask the person to describe his headache (head and neck).  Second, I instructed him to think of head of state.  Third, I asked him to think of how the head of state could relax him.  In this way, I prepared to help the other be productive by instructing the person to prevent a headache.

10. I prepared to have the philosophies edited.  I did this by designing the philosophies.  First, I designed the topic.  Second, I designed the comment.  Third, I wrote them down.  In this way, I prepared to have the philosophies edited by designing the philosophies.

"]