["Green, L 2021, <i>Quantum Box and Prayer 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Quantum Box and Prayer 1 of 4



1. The quantum box and/or prayer (argument) prevents headaches, (relax head and neck muscles) prevents mistakes, (maintain correct thoughts) turns off breasonings, (keep vision clear) prevents muscle aches (relax muscles) and prevents skin blemishes, (maintain clear skin) turns off virality at conception (maintaining health at conception) turns off unwanted thoughts, turns off hallucinogenic appearances, and turns off depression, etc.

To prevent headache and soreness, etc. spiritually place these in a quantum box daily.

See also Daily Regimen for instructions about how to switch off unwanted thoughts daily.

1a.     I prepared to help my whole body and community to feel healthy.  I did this by diagnosing and treating non-A status of organs (maintain A status of organs) as part of Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine.  First, I helped the first organ to have perfect function.  Second, I prepared to help the next organ to have perfect function.  Third, I repeated this until I had helped all the organs to have perfect function.  In this way, I prepared to help my whole body and community to feel healthy by diagnosing and treating non-A status of organs (maintain A status of organs) as part of Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine.

2.    I prepared to avoid psychiatric problems (advance to the next subject).  I did this by preventing failure (earned high grades) using Pedagogy.  First, I studied Lucian's or Nietzsche's philosophy.  Second, I studied creative writing at the same time.  Third, I studied Education at the same time.  In this way, I prepared to avoid psychiatric problems (advance to the next subject) by preventing failure (earned high grades) using Pedagogy.

3.     I prepared to be God (the master) with the Upasana sutra (poem).  I did this by getting in touch with God (the master) about breasonings details to see high quality imagery and earn A-grade.  First, I breasoned out the breasonings details (two uses, a future use and two types for each object, breasoning, rebreasoning, breathsoning, rebreathsoning, space test (room, part of room and direction in room) and time test (time to prepare, time to do and time to finish)) to God (the master).  Second, I saw high-quality imagery.  Third, I earned A-grade.  In this way, I prepared to be God (the master) with the Upasana sutra (poem) by getting in touch with God (the master) about breasonings details to see high quality imagery and earn A-grade.

4.    I prepared to view the image (where images and videos, even spiritual ones require 250 breasonings and text and music require 50 breasonings).  I did this by writing 250 breasonings for high quality imagery as part of the area of study (e.g. the production) without discomfort (in comfort).  First, I wrote 250 breasonings for the area of study.  Second, I wrote 2*250 80 breasoning per chapter in the PhD.  Third, I wrote 250 breasonings for the poem.  In this way, I prepared to view the image (where images and videos, even spiritual ones require 250 breasonings and text and music require 50 breasonings) by writing 250 breasonings for high quality imagery as part of the area of study (e.g. the production) without discomfort (in comfort).

5.    I prepared to sell the next product.  I did this by preventing sales from being dangerous (ensuring that they are safe) by stating that products' philosophy As must be based on a positive argument, have a single argument and be connected in a structure.  First, I stated that products' philosophy As must be based on a positive argument.  Second, I stated that products' philosophy As must have a single argument.  Third, I stated that products' philosophy As must be connected in a structure.  In this way, I prepared to sell the next product by preventing sales from being dangerous (ensuring that they are safe) by stating that products' philosophy As must be based on a positive argument, have a single argument and be connected in a structure.

6.    I prepared to cover the whole breasoning chapter with the essay.  I did this by studying perpetual University short courses for the best breasoning environment.  First, I was free.  Second, I had fun friends.  Third, I relaxed with them.  In this way, I prepared to cover the whole breasoning chapter with the essay by studying perpetual University short courses for the best breasoning environment.

7.    I prepared to seek Education in Japan.  I did this by dotting on and breasoning out slices of apple for a successful relationship.  First, I dotted on and breasoned out the 4 sets of 5 differently sized slices of golden apple.  Second, I dotted on and breasoned out the 6 sets of 5 differently sized slices of green apple.  Third, I arranged the gold apple slices in a carat shape and placed the green apple slices in the centre.  In this way, I prepared to seek Education in Japan by dotting on and breasoning out slices of apple for a successful relationship.

8.    I prepared to do reflect on the task.  I did this by drinking 3 glasses of water and exercising 45 minutes before breakfast.  First, I drank 3 glasses of water 45 minutes before breakfast.  Second, I exercised 45 minutes before breakfast.  Third, I ate breakfast.  In this way, I prepared to do reflect on the task by drinking 3 glasses of water and exercising 45 minutes before breakfast.

9.     I prepared to repeat mantras (words) to go to sleep.  I did this by going to bed at 9:30 PM.  First, I finished work.  Second, I had dinner, a shower and performed yoga.  Third, I alighted by 9:30 PM.  In this way, I prepared to repeat mantras (words) to go to sleep by going to bed at 9:30 PM.

10.   I prepared to read on the train.  I did this by performing surya namaskar yoga exercises to prevent a headache (relaxed my head and neck muscles) on the train.  First, I performed surya namaskar yoga exercises.  Second, I rode as a passenger on the train.  Third, I prevented a headache (relaxed my head and neck muscles) on the train.  In this way, I prepared to read on the train by performing surya namaskar yoga exercises to prevent a headache (relaxed my head and neck muscles) on the train.

"]