["Green, L 2021, <i>Heart 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Heart 3 of 4

21.    I prepared to make supports for my feet. I did this by tickling the sole of my foot. First, I sat with my feet close together. Second, I moved the feather to the tip of my foot. Third, I tickled my foot by moving the feather down the length of my foot. In this way, I prepared to make supports for my feet by tickling the sole of my foot.

22.    I prepared to make shoes. I did this by touching the top of my foot. First, I took my socks off. Second, I touched the skin on the top of my foot. Third, I quickly tapped the top of my foot. In this way, I prepared to make shoes by touching the top of my foot.

23.    I prepared to cut sandals. I did this by smoothing the side of my foot. First, I touched the tip of my right big toe with my left index finger. Second, I also touched the tip of my right big toe with my right index finger. Third, I slid my fingers down the sides of my foot to the back of my foot in the same time. In this way, I prepared to cut sandals by smoothing the side of my foot.

24.    I prepared to point my bottom in the air with my hands and feet on the mat. I did this by arching my lower back muscles. First, I leant on my hands and knees. Second, I stepped my feet backwards one at a time. Third, I pointed my bottom in the air. In this way, I prepared to point my bottom in the air with my hands and feet on the mat by arching my lower back muscles.

25.    I prepared to display my abdomen. I did this by crunching my stomach muscles. First, I made a first frame. Second, I made a second frame using the first frame as an 'onion skin', lining up the art with the previous frame. Third, I flicked through the animation. In this way, I prepared to display my abdomen by crunching my stomach muscles.

26.    I prepared to stretch my deltoid muscles. I did this by scratching my back. First, I put my hand by my side. Second, I put my hand behind my back. Third, I used a back scratcher to scratch my back. In this way, I prepared to scratch my deltoid muscles by stretching my back.

27.    I prepared to exercise my biceps. I did this by lifting a weight. First, I squatted. Second, I grasped the weight. Third, I stood up, without bending over. In this way, I prepared to exercise my biceps by lifting a weight.

28.    I prepared to stretch my back lat muscles. I did this by performing chin-ups. First, I jumped up to hold and hang from the bar. Second, I started to pull myself up with my arms. Third, I lifted my chin above the bar. In this way, I prepared to stretch my back lat muscles by performing chin-ups.

29.    I prepared to stretch the muscles at the back of my lower legs. I did this by lunging. First, I put one foot in front of the other in a wide stance. Second, I put my front knee above my front leg. Third, I moved my hips forward. In this way, I prepared to stretch the muscles at the back of my lower legs by lunging.

30.    I prepared to stretch the muscles at the back of the thighs. I did this by squatting. First, I stood with my feet slightly more than shoulder width apart. Second, I put my hands on my belt. Third, I bent my knees with my feet flat on the ground to squat. In this way, I prepared to stretch the muscles at the back of the thighs by squatting.

"]