["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Grades and Failure 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Grades and Failure 3 of 4

21. I prepared to explain that the seen-as version was that the time travel and aliens were separate.  I did this by writing the 2288 Time Travel and Aliens song argument.  First, I wrote about the box.  Second, I wrote about time travel through a puppet set in each location, which was in fact a space travel using the puppet set.  Third, I wrote about the alien puppets.  In this way, I prepared to explain that the seen-as version was that the time travel and aliens were separate by writing the 2288 Time Travel and Aliens song argument.

22. I prepared to upgrade 'sun' to 'Sun'.  I did this by writing the 2296 Sun Eruption Changes Earth's Gravity song argument.  First, I wrote about the sun.  Second, I wrote about the gravity.  Third, I wrote about the Earth.  In this way, I prepared to upgrade 'sun' to 'Sun' by writing the 2296 Sun Eruption Changes Earth's Gravity song argument.

23. I prepared to ask, 'Who's there?'  I did this by writing the 2302 - New Important Laws and Secrets of the Universe Revealed song argument.  First, I wrote about the new important laws. Second, I knew what was happening.  Third, I found the universe's secrets.  In this way, I prepared to . by writing the 2302 - New Important Laws and Secrets of the Universe Revealed song argument.

24. I prepared to guide you to the stratosphere.  I did this by writing the 2304 Secrets of the Moon song argument.  First, I blasted to the stratosphere.  Second, I asked how you knew this.  Third, I knew you well.  In this way, I prepared to guide you to the stratosphere by writing the 2304 Secrets of the Moon song argument.

25. I prepared to enjoy the Time Nebulous.  I did this by writing the 3797 Earth Empty, Humans Move to Another Stellar System song argument.  First, I wrote that the house is empty.  Second, I wrote we moved to another system.  Third, I squeezed each luggage item as I took it out.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the Time Nebulous by writing the 3797 Earth Empty, Humans Move to Another Stellar System song argument.

26. I prepared to kiss the man.  I did this by writing the 3803 New Planet's Climate Causes People to Mutate song argument.  First, I loved green.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I loved myself.  In this way, I prepared to kiss the man by writing the 3803 New Planet's Climate Causes People to Mutate song argument.

27. I prepared to think of how interesting life (through the liver) is.  I did this by writing the 3871 - Prophet tells people about Moral Values and Religion and Reteaches Forgotten Sciences song argument.  First, I found Rhesus.  Second, I beheld the kaleidoscope honeycomb.  Third, I programmed the gestaltron.  In this way, I prepared to think of how interesting life (through the liver) is by writing the 3871 - Prophet tells people about Moral Values and Religion and Reteaches Forgotten Sciences song argument.

28. I prepared to have intercourse about each node and connection between nodes.  I did this by writing the 4302 - Scientists Discover that Organism Behaviour Causes All Diseases song argument.  First, I avoided subjugation (transcended slavery).  Second, I prevented subordination (I ordained freedom).  Third, I lead or verified my leader's decisions.  In this way, I prepared to have intercourse about each node and connection between nodes by writing the 4302 - Scientists Discover that Organism Behaviour Causes All Diseases song argument.

29. I prepared to sing a mantra (chant) in a circle.  I did this by writing the 4304 - Scientists Find a Way to Cure any Disease song argument.  First, I diagnosed all diseases as genetically based.  Second, I switched off the genes with aphors.  Third, I lit (led) the way.  In this way, I prepared to sing a mantra (chant) in a circle by writing the 4304 - Scientists Find a Way to Cure any Disease song argument.

30. I prepared to connect communication with God (the leader), communication with the quantum afterlife world and ability to look at life with a positive mindset.  I did this by writing the 4308 - Due to Mutation People Use Their Brains More Than 34% And Lose The Ideas of Evil And Hatred song argument.  First, I observed people use their brains more than 34%.  Second, I observed people lose the ideas of evil and hatred.  Third, I used it well.  In this way, I prepared to connect communication with God (the leader), communication with the quantum afterlife world and ability to look at life with a positive mindset by writing the 4308 - Due to Mutation People Use Their Brains More Than 34% And Lose The Ideas of Evil And Hatred song argument.

"]