["Green, L 2021, <i>Doctor Sutra 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Doctor Sutra 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to detail the breasonings. I did this by finding the coordinate of a point a certain distance away from another point. First, I lined up the ruler with the point. Second, I adjusted the ruler to point to a particular angle. Third, I drew a point a certain distance away from the first point. In this way, I prepared to detail the breasonings by finding the coordinate of a point a certain distance away from another point.

12.    I prepared a reason to be the breasonings. I did this by testing that there was no residue on the tissue. First, I flattened the tissue on the stand. Second, I made sure that there was no yoghurt above the level of the flattened tissue touching it. Third, I put the tissue in a bag. In this way, I prepared a reason to be the breasonings by testing that there was no residue on the tissue.

13.    I prepared to spend time with the people. I did this by labelling the people if they were positive. First, I asked a lisp. Second, I asked 'do you like me?' Third, I wrote if he liked me. In this way, I prepared to spend time with the people by labelling the people if they were positive.

14.    I prepared to like each person more if he liked me more. I did this by ranking people. First, I liked each person if he liked me. Second, I liked each person more if he liked me more. Third, I liked each person the most if he liked me the most. In this way, I prepared to like each person more if he liked me more by ranking people.

15.    I prepared to rank the people. I did this by ranking each person on a scale. First, I gave each person the ranking 3 if he liked me. Second, I gave each person the ranking 2 if he liked me more. Third, I gave each person the ranking 1 if he liked me the most. In this way, I prepared to rank the people by ranking each person on a scale.

16.    I prepared to show friendliness to the guys. I did this by writing quality thoughts for people. First, I wrote one thought. Second, I wrote another thought. Third, I wrote another thought. In this way, I prepared to show friendliness to the guys by writing quality thoughts for people.

17.    I prepared to fall into bed with the bedfellow. I did this by making sure there were no negative people around her. First, I looked at one person. Second, I looked at another person. Third, I moved on correctly. In this way, I prepared to fall into bed with the bedfellow by making sure there were no negative people around her.

18.    I prepared to fall onto the waterbed with a bedfellow. I did this by making sure there were no negative people going to or from him. First, I licked his noodles. Second, I licked his lolly. Third, I loved him to bits. In this way, I prepared to fall onto the waterbed with a bedfellow by making sure there were no negative people going to or from him.

19.    I prepared to go platinum. I did this by identifying the other people (making sure the main people bought it). First, I was someone. Second, I sold it. Third, I sold it to everyone. In this way, I prepared to go platinum by making sure the main people bought it.

20.    I prepared to identify a mistake. I did this by asking 'why are you so interested in me?' First, I went on to a new role. Second, I loved you. Third, I loved me. In this way, I prepared to identify a mistake by asking 'why are you so interested in me?'

"]