["Green, L 2021, <i>Quantum Box and Prayer 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Quantum Box and Prayer 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to write breasonings.  I did this by writing the breasoning chapter 'demo'-submission to become a pedagogue.  First, I wrote the breasoning chapter.  Second, I submitted my 'demo'-submission.  Third, I became a pedagogue.  In this way, I prepared to write breasonings by writing the breasoning chapter 'demo'-submission to become a pedagogue.

32.   I prepared to open the school in the country.  I did this by appointing a translator for Lucian's Philosophy.  First, I found the translator.  Second, I asked him to translate the philosophy.  Third, I verified the translation.  In this way, I prepared to open the school in the country by appointing a translator for Lucian's Philosophy.

33.   I prepared to duplicate aspects of the successful centre.  I did this by appointing the centre manager.  First, I founded the centre.  Second, I appointed the manager.  Third, I verified his progress.  In this way, I prepared to duplicate successful aspects of the centre by appointing the centre manager.

34.   I prepared to go on to the next problems (questions).  I did this by peacefully settling the negotiations.  First, I identified the problems (questions).  Second, I found the solutions.  Third, I performed the solutions.  In this way, I prepared to go on to the next problems (questions) by peacefully settling the negotiations.

35.   I prepared to write books to become a professor.  I did this by superimposing 10 students*100 As per student=1000 As to become a professor.  First, I planned 1000 As during my PhD.  Second, I prepared to superimpose the student As with the 1000 As.  Third, I wrote the 1000 As.  In this way, I prepared to write books to become a professor by superimposing 10 students*100 As per student=1000 As to become a professor.

36.   I prepared to cut my work in half.  I did this by being supervised by a professor.  First, I earned a high grade average.  Second, I delivered articles at conferences and to journals.  Third, I applied to be supervised by the professor.  In this way, I prepared to cut my work in half by being supervised by a professor.

37.   I prepared to write the encyclopedia article.  I did this by updating 20% of the 1000 As before becoming a professor and annually.  First, I wrote the first group.  Second, I wrote the second group.  Third, I repeated this second step each year.  In this way, I prepared to write the encyclopedia article by updating 20% of the 1000 As before becoming a professor and annually.

38.   I prepared to deliver the Pixies song.  I did this by breasoning out the Pixies song.  First, I breasoned out the first line.  Second, I prepared to breason out the next line.  Third, I repeated this until I had breasoned out each line.  In this way, I prepared to deliver the Pixies song by breasoning out the Pixies song.

39.   I prepared to follow the instructions.  I did this by observing God's (the master's) appearance.  First, I noticed the person who had reached that level.  Second, I listened to him.  Third, I wrote this down.  In this way, I prepared to follow the instructions by observing God's (the master's) appearance.

40.  I prepared to record another song.  I did this by listening to the Pixies song.  First, I wrote the Pixies song.  Second, I played the Pixies song.  Third, I received positive feedback about the song.  In this way, I prepared to record another song by listening to the Pixies song.

41.   I prepared to protect the visible parts of myself.  I did this by being the meditation (philosophy) group leader.  First, I delected in meditation (philosophy).  Second, I hived (sic) it out (in terms of the students).  Third, I chunked it into pieces.  In this way, I prepared to protect the visible parts of myself by being the meditation (philosophy) group leader.

42.   I prepared to like myself.  I did this by writing about the breasonings.  First, I observed the peach.  Second, I wrote the breasoning down on a spool of paper.  Third, I helped it to work.  In this way, I prepared to like myself by writing about the breasonings.


"]