["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Course Plan 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Course Plan 2 of 4

11. I prepared to say animals were positive.  I did this by writing the Breasonings song argument.  First, I wrote the breasoning down.  Second, I noticed the soldier.  Third, I noticed there was a new leader.  In this way, I prepared to say animals were positive by writing the Breasonings song argument.

12. I prepared to have high quality of life.  I did this by writing the Breathsonings song argument.  First, I wrote the breathsoning down.  Second, I asked it to come.  Third, I stated that it came.  In this way, I prepared to have high quality of life by writing the Breathsonings song argument.

13. I prepared to find my palace.  I did this by writing the Butterfly song argument.  First, I found the police.  Second, I found the most famous single singer.  Third, I found the butterfly food.  In this way, I prepared to find my palace by writing the Butterfly song argument.

14. I prepared to name the favourite.  I did this by writing the Chess Club song argument.  First, I found the chess board.  Second, I sang about the piano opening.  Third, I sang about the diagonal pawn capture.  In this way, I prepared to name the favourite by writing the Chess Club song argument.

15. I prepared to help myself up.  I did this by writing the Clarity song argument.  First, I designed clarity.  Second, I helped myself to be an angel.  Third, I helped develop the cure.  In this way, I prepared to help myself up by writing the Clarity song argument.

16. I prepared to write about you.  I did this by writing the Dinosaur song argument.  First, I wrote about the person.  Second, I wrote about it's festiches (sic).  Third, I wrote it's harpsichorders (sic).  In this way, I prepared to write about you by writing the Dinosaur song argument.

17. I prepared to become famous.  I did this by writing the Distinctions song argument.  First, I was a philosopher in a University subject.  Second, the student was given 50 As in the subject and to be a helped pedagogue.  Third, the pedagogy helper helped the student.  In this way, I prepared to become famous by writing the Distinctions song argument.

18. I prepared to teach M meditation (pedagogy).  I did this by writing the Dragon song argument.  First, I played with the Tibetan Spaniel.  Second, I observed the person find nice people.  Third, I helped the former tutor to do some more work.  In this way, I prepared to teach M meditation (pedagogy) by writing the Dragon song argument.

19. I prepared to give the dry eyes algorithm.  I did this by writing the Dry Eyes song argument.  First, I indicated the eye would become dry.  Second, I dried the left of the eye.  Third, I dried the right of the eye.  In this way, I prepared to give the dry eyes algorithm by writing the Dry Eyes song argument.

20. I prepared to enjoy the G-rated activity.  I did this by writing the Ecstasy song argument.  First, I sphermulated (sic) myself.  Second, I found my meditation (humanities) teacher friend before starting University.  Third, I sphermulated him too.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the G-rated activity by writing the Ecstasy song argument.

"]