["Green, L 2021, <i>Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 2 of 4

11. I prepared to place the hull in the receptacle.  I did this by removing the berry after juicing it.  First, I juiced the berry.  Second, I held the spoon.  Third, I lifted the berry hull.  In this way, I prepared to place the hull in the receptacle by removing the berry after juicing it.

12. I prepared to write the book about the elderberry.  I did this by choosing the elderberry.  First, I aimed to find a food with antioxidants which prevented disease.  Second, I found the elderberry.  Third, I processed the elderberry.  In this way, I prepared to write the book about the elderberry by choosing the elderberry.

13. I prepared to ingest the drink.  I did this by drinking by using the straw.  First, I held the drink.  Second, I inserted the straw in it.  Third, I drank the drink by using the straw.  In this way, I prepared to ingest the drink by drinking by using the straw.

14. I prepared to love it.  I did this by drinking the elderberry juice.  First, I entered the pantry.  Second, I found the labelled elderberry juice.  Third, I drank the juice from the cup.  In this way, I prepared to love it by drinking the elderberry juice.

15. I prepared to initiate remaining healthy.  I did this by drinking the juice with my tongue.  First, I pipetted the juice onto my tongue.  Second, I swallowed the first droplet.  Third, I  swallowed each droplet.  In this way, I prepared to initiate remaining healthy by drinking the juice with my tongue.

16. I prepared to drink water.  I did this by drinking the juice with my mouth.  First, I pipetted an aliquot of juice onto my gums.  Second, I massaged it onto my gums. Third, I swallowed it with water.  In this way, I prepared to drink water by drinking the juice with my mouth.

17. I prepared to love God (the leader/non enslaving master).  I did this by tasting the juice.  First, I held the berry between my fingers.  Second, I extracted juice from it using a syringe.  Third, I tasted this with my taste bud.  In this way, I prepared to love God (the leader/non enslaving master) by tasting the juice.

18. I prepared to taste the next extract.  I did this by tasting the syrup.  First, I found the syrup bottle.  Second, I dropped a drop onto my fingertip.  Third, I recorded the taste.  In this way, I prepared to taste the next extract by tasting the syrup.

19. I prepared to drink the pure water.  I did this by brushing my teeth after drinking the juice .  First, I held the toothbrush.  Second, I squeezed the toothpaste onto the toothbrush.  Third, I brushed my teeth.  In this way, I prepared to drink the pure water by brushing my teeth after drinking the juice.

20. I prepared to recline.  I did this by using dental floss after drinking the syrup. First, I placed the dental floss between my teeth.  Second, I removed debris from between my teeth.  Third, I placed the dental floss in the bin.  In this way, I prepared to recline by using dental floss after drinking the syrup.

"]