["Green, L 2021, <i>Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 2 of 4

11. I prepared to recruit pedagogy students as pedagogy writers.  I did this by loving ludocytes (sic) (the farm animals).  First, I loved the mahogany pieces.  Second, I knew it was name book time.  Third, I knew what the ideas were.  In this way, I prepared to recruit pedagogy students as pedagogy writers by loving ludocytes (sic) (the farm animals).

12. I prepared to enable the car stereo system to blast the ghetto.  I did this by loving navigating. First, I prevented hypochondria.  Second, I noticed the doctor avoided hypochondria.  Third, I noticed Krishna too.  In this way, I prepared to enable the car stereo system to blast the ghetto by loving navigating.

13. I prepared to complete an 80-breasoning sequence for the sale.  I did this by loving the sale. First, I knew about London.  Second, I knew about him.  Third, I completed the Diploma of International Business.  In this way, I prepared to complete an 80-breasoning sequence for the sale by loving the sale.

14. I prepared to sew two thoughts together.  I did this by loving the bobbin.  First, I 'turned off' (imagined) 10,000 As for the prospective sale.  Second, I thought of 3 circles filled with the prospective buyer's thoughts.  Third, I breasoned out my appearance after the sale.  In this way, I prepared to sew two thoughts together by loving the bobbin.

15. I prepared to meditate (philosophise) on Earth's green band.  I did this by loving the intense light. First, I held it.  Second, I looked at the ground.  Third, I felt the heat.  In this way, I prepared to meditate (philosophise) on Earth's green band by loving the intense light.

16. I prepared to vegan-enamelise myself.  I did this by loving inexplicable details.  First, I noticed the desert plan.  Second, I noticed the weird penis.  Third, I noticed the cubist.  In this way, I prepared to vegan-enamelise myself by loving inexplicable details.

17. I prepared to build the house of cards.  I did this by reclining on the sofa.  First, I found the version for a general audience.  Second, I practised it.  Third, I knew about the mantelpieces.  In this way, I prepared to build the house of cards by reclining on the sofa.

18. I prepared to describe the high quality thoughts.  I did this by knowing the professor.  First, I noticed the penis symbolised the breasonings were connected.  Second, I meditated (wrote) for this to be done for me.  Third, I studied the degree.  In this way, I prepared to describe the high quality thoughts by knowing the professor.

19. I prepared to traverse infinitely short sequences of knowledge.  I did this by knowing the educator.  First, I sold to the educator.  Second, I bought a service from the educator.  Third, I sold using this service.  In this way, I prepared to traverse infinitely short sequences of knowledge by knowing the educator.

20. I prepared to lead a life of adventure.  I did this by swashbuckling forward.  First, I held the cutlass.  Second, I called the plume a beau.  Third, I chopped it off.  In this way, I prepared to lead a life of adventure by swashbuckling forward.

"]