["Green, L 2021, <i>Perpetual University Short Courses 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Perpetual University Short Courses 1 of 4



1. This is for the best breasoning environment.

Enrol in perpetual 6 month-long or greater University short courses after your degree to experience and be able to write breasonings.

1a. I prepared to study the next University short course.  I did this by studying perpetual University short courses.  First, I wrote the department I was writing on.  Second, I studied a short course from that department.  Third, I wrote on the topic from the department.  In this way, I prepared to study the next University short course by studying perpetual University short courses.

2. I prepared to press my lips on your forehead.  I did this by stating that I liked you.  First, I stated how I liked you.  Second, I liked you.  Third, I held you close.  In this way, I prepared to press my lips on your forehead by stating that I liked you.

3. I prepared to be all right with you having it.  I did this by talking with the man.  First, I loved you lorry men.  Second, I knew about you having Recklinghausen's disease.  Third, I knew you it was to do with you.  In this way, I prepared to be all right with you having it by talking with the man.

4. I prepared to follow the traditional secondary school and retrieve my song.  I did this by liking the rod.  First, I knew the rod.  Second, I found the rod.  Third, I held it hard.  In this way, I prepared to follow the traditional secondary school and retrieve my song by liking the rod.

5. I prepared to state that the house was safe.  I did this by observing the child locking the door. First, I observed the child walk through the door.  Second, I observed him turn the latch.  Third, I observed him close the door.  In this way, I prepared to state that the house was safe by observing the child locking the door.

6. I prepared to visit Madrid.  I did this by loving Sydney.  First, I was invited to the University. Second, I visited the University.  Third, I delivered the presentation.  In this way, I prepared to visit Madrid by loving Sydney.

7. I prepared to state that 8 was the infinity symbol on it's side.  I did this by loving each number. First, I wrote the numbers 1-10.  Second, I loved them.  Third, I wrote when they would be magical (equal 10).  In this way, I prepared to state that 8 was the infinity symbol on it's side by loving each number.

8. I prepared to devise activities instead of drinking alcohol.  I did this by loving 8.  First, I counted to 8. Second, I loved it.  Third, I knew it was right for me.  In this way, I prepared to devise activities instead of drinking alcohol by loving 8.

9. I prepared to be leader to many in my time period.  I did this by parading on the street.  First, I found the float.  Second, I paraded in front of it.  Third, I walked free at the end of it.  In this way, I prepared to be leader to many in my time period by parading on the street.

10. I prepared to annotate it's flavours.  I did this by licking the tangerine.  First, I found the first tangerine-meat.  Second, I licked it.  Third, I repeated this the next tangerine-meat.  In this way, I prepared to annotate it's flavours by licking the tangerine.

"]