["Green, L 2021, <i>Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 3 of 4

21. I prepared to record the song in a different language.  I did this by seeing the person who looked at me.  First, I realised that the person loved me.  Second, I selected the texts for a region.  Third, I advertised the parts relevant to the culture.  In this way, I prepared to record the song in a different language by seeing the person who looked at me.

22. I prepared to develop business with philosophy.  I did this by observing the monkey business.  First, I wrote the sentence.  Second, I paraphrased the sentence.  Third, I allowed my students to do the same.  In this way, I prepared to develop business with philosophy by observing the monkey business.

23. I prepared to eat the cooked, peeled tomato.  I did this by examining the can of tomatoes.  First, I examined the can's label.  Second, I read that it was a can of tomatoes.  Third, I looked at the circles on the top  and bottom.  In this way, I prepared to eat the cooked, peeled tomato by examining the can of tomatoes.

24. I prepared to agree with the council.  I did this by liking the councils.  First, I found the council address.  Second, I wrote to it.  Third, I read that my suggestion had been implemented.  In this way, I prepared to agree with the council by liking the councils.

25. I prepared to use the current system.  I did this by rotating to the current system.  First, I identified the previous system to be.  Second, I rotated the systems one to the left.  Third, I stopped when the current system matched the desired system.  In this way, I prepared to use the current system by rotating to the current system.

26. I prepared to build the house.  I did this by identifying the deep trouble (answered the question).  First, I found the answer.  First, I wrote it down.  Third, I told it to the people.  In this way, I prepared to build the house by identifying the deep trouble (answered the question).

27. I prepared to visit the shops.  I did this by noticing the shops where there was a housing development being built.  First, I noticed the houses.  Second, I noticed the shops.  Third, I noticed that they were close together.  In this way, I prepared to visit the shops by noticing the shops where there was a housing development being built.

28. I prepared to research enlightening the student.  I did this by enlightening the student.  First, I found the book.  Second, I read it to him.  Third, I enlightened him by doing it.  In this way, I prepared to research enlightening the student by enlightening the student.

29. I prepared to proceed to the next matter.  I did this by stating that I was right.  First, I found the matter.  Second, I found that I was right in it.  Third, I stated that I was correct.  In this way, I prepared to proceed to the next matter by stating that I was right.

30. I prepared to read the philosophy argument to the class.  I did this by writing the philosophy argument.  First, I wrote the conclusion.  Second, I wrote the reason.  Third, I wrote the inference.  In this way, I prepared to read the philosophy argument to the class by writing the philosophy argument.

"]