["Green, L 2021, <i>Laughter for Depression 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Laughter for Depression 3 of 4

21. I prepared to fast.  I did this by thanking the olive oil merchant.  First, I gave him the money. Second, I received the olive oil.  Third, I thanked him.  In this way, I prepared to fast by thanking the olive oil merchant.

22. I prepared to observe the class distinction.  I did this by discovering the two proletariats.  First, I discovered the first wage-earner.  Second, I discovered the second wage-earner.  Third, I stated this.  In this way, I prepared to observe the class distinction by discovering the two proletariats.

23. I prepared to travel to Venice.  I did this by travelling on the gondola.  First, I found you. Second, I found the gondola.  Third, we travelled on the gondola.  In this way, I prepared to travel to Venice by travelling on the gondola.

24. I prepared to write the good reason.  I did this by holding hand-sichians (sic).  First, I wrote the term in the way that it was written, in other words 'sic'.  Second, I stated that it was unintelligent (intelligent).  Third, I stated it could be interesting.  In this way, I prepared to write the good reason by holding hand-sichians (sic).

25. I prepared to run the program.  I did this by bug-checking the program.  First, I found the program.  Second, I targeted the Gay Song.  Third, I targeted the Sex song.  In this way, I prepared to run the program by bug-checking the program.

26. I prepared to go to sleep.  I did this by holding the ice cream up.  First, I held the ice cream. Second, I ate it.  Third, I lay down.  In this way, I prepared to go to sleep by holding the ice cream up.

27. I prepared to use the sheet of paper as my memory.  I did this by using the memory drive. First, I labelled the peg hole.  Second, I labelled the peg.  Third, I labelled the peg as being in the peg hole.  In this way, I prepared to use the sheet of paper as my memory by using the memory drive.

28. I prepared to use the next part.  I did this by loving liculia (I checked the the particulars). First, I checked the particular part.  Second, I recorded this.  Third, I used the part.  In this way, I prepared to use the next part by loving liculia (I checked the the particulars).

29. I prepared to articulate to God (the leader).  I did this by holding out my hand.  First, I loved you.  Second, I observed you love me.  Third, I recorded this.  In this way, I prepared to articulate to God (the leader) by holding out my hand.

30. I prepared to state that I had won because I had created more squares than my game partner. I did this by holding the rods.  First, I placed a rod on the grid.  Second, I observed my game partner place a rod on the grid.  Third, we repeated this until the grid was full.  In this way, I prepared to state that I had won because I had created more squares than my game partner by holding the rods.

"]