["Green, L 2021, <i>Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 1 of 4



Helps conception by suggesting to breason out the Anarchy Quiz in conjunction with meditation.

1a. I prepared to become school captain.  I did this by stating that the person was central in the world.  First, I wrote about the breasonings.  Second, I wrote about the meditations (philosophies).  Third, I endorsed University.  In this way, I prepared to become school captain by stating that the person was central in the world.

2. I prepared to offer training as well.  I did this by stating that the politicians were trained in food.  First, I found the vegan frankfurts.  Second, I observed that the politicians were trained in them.  Third, I observed them eating them.  In this way, I prepared to offer training as well by stating that the politicians were trained in food.

3. I prepared to test that the muscle was relaxed.  I did this by stating that the politicians were trained in accommodation.  First, I flashed the accommodation on.  Second, I splashed it on the screen.  Third, I vagus-mited it.  In this way, I prepared to test that the muscle was relaxed by stating that the politicians were trained in accommodation.

4. I prepared to lead the exegesiticals (sic).  I did this by stating that the politicians were trained in educational activity.  First, I found exegeses.  Second, I maintained my rage (drank the water).  Third, I pillowed high.  In this way, I prepared to lead the exegesiticals by stating that the politicians were trained in educational activity.

5. I prepared to distinguish myself.  I did this by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in food.  First, I held the vile.  Second, I held the model sphinx.  Third, I drank from both.  In this way, I prepared to distinguish myself by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in food.

6. I prepared to help you love us.  I did this by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in accommodation.  First, I found the politicians' hiptalipuppies (sic).  Second, I loved you, G-spot men.  Third, I loved your happies.  In this way, I prepared to help you love us by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in accommodation.

7. I prepared to love the G-Men.  I did this by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in educational activity.  First, I loved you, diddly dear.  Second, I loved you, I.  Third, I loved you, M.  In this way, I prepared to love the G-Men by stating that the trainer trained the politicians in educational activity.

8. I prepared to love hi.  I did this by stating that the new employees' breasonings should be prepared by them.  First, I wrote about the rods.  Second, I wrote about the heiness.  Third, I cared for the rod.  In this way, I prepared to love hi by stating that the new employees' breasonings should be prepared by them.

9. I prepared to assist you.  I did this by providing Metaphysics service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved you.  Second, I loved helpt (sic).  Third, I loved enus (sic).  In this way, I prepared to assist you by providing Metaphysics service as breasonings currency.

7a. I prepared to see you up.  I did this by providing Hermeneutics service as breasonings currency.  First, I delightited (sic) you.  Second, I gave you my heart.  Third, I loted (sic) you.  In this way, I prepared to see you up by providing Hermeneutics service as breasonings currency

8a. I prepared to disintegrated this.  I did this by providing Pedagogy service as breasonings currency.  First, I laced it.  Second, I laughed you up.  Third, I decided you.  In this way, I prepared to disintegrated this by providing Pedagogy service as breasonings currency.

9a. I prepared to daub you.  I did this by giving Communication service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved nice A.  Second, I loved good B.  Third, I loved ex C.  In this way, I prepared to daub you by giving Communication service as breasonings currency.

10. I prepared to love Luke.  I did this by stating that I would provide Gay Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I providing intra-aural.  Second, I providing intra-oral.  Third, I provided intra-email.  In this way, I prepared to love Luke by stating that I would provide Gay Studies service as breasonings currency.

"]