["Green, L 2021, <i>Protector from Headache in Meditation Currant Bun 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Protector from Headache in Meditation Currant Bun 1 of 4



1. A stylised currant bun with raisins on it

Final protector from headache.

In time of Honours, Masters or PhD (when praying for many As), pretend there is a currant bun that can be fingered instead of having a headache. One should start pretending this each day, followed by stopping pretending that it is there from the previous day.

Currant Bun: A sutra that helps prevent head aches.

Breasoning Chapter: Contains sentences with objects, which, when breasoned out, allows one to be trained in the 'Meditation Protector: Currant Bun' A-grade essay, which is a token of professionalism.

Theory: Contains a guided meditation, which can also be done by repeating the sutra 'Currant Bun'.

Theory

Currant Bun Protector from Headache in Meditation

- I mean that there is a mistake that I don't mean that there is a rear void that will have a rod inserted instead of having people finger my head and neck muscles, causing me to have a headache when meditating, so that a headache will be prevented.

- Course: breason out 10 Medicine As, then put currant bun breasonings on system, where the As go with money spent on them and treat by explaining the currant bun meditation (or just repeating the sutra 'Currant Bun').

- The currant bun is in fact a huge spiritual air-filled balloon above one's head containing black squares of headache causing blueberry jam on spatulas to be attracted to instead of causing a headache.  The skill is to meditate and spiritually transcend the black squares, until they disappear, leaving a clear head.

- Skills: Postpone headache until meditation and meditate at sunset, just before bed. Meditation is necessary for health reasons. No headache is experienced when one meditates in bed before going to sleep.

Breasoning Chapter

1.     I prepared to relax about having no headache.  I did this by swinging from the rope attached to the tree hook.  First, I held the rope.  Second, I hung from the rope.  Third, I swung from the rope.  In this way, I prepared to relax about having no headache by swinging from the rope attached to the tree hook.

2.    I prepared to eat the apple cube.  I did this by licking the apple.  First, I cut the apple cube.  Second, I held the apple cube in my mouth.  Third, I licked the apple cube.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple cube by licking the apple.

3.     I prepared to connect graduating with the mortarboard with protection.  I did this by graduating with a mortarboard.  First, I identified the parts that could be teased (protected).  Second, I identified the types of teasing (protection).  Third, I asked politicians to stop the teasing (start protecting).  In this way, I prepared to connect graduating with the mortarboard with protection by graduating with a mortarboard.

4.    I prepared to stop the bushfire causing damage.  I did this by back burning in a straight line.  First, I decided on the position of the line.  Second, I burned it.  Third, I put the fire out.  In this way, I prepared to stop the bushfire causing damage by back burning in a straight line.

5.    I prepared to take the dog in the car.  I did this by fitting the harness on the dog.  First, I put the harness on the dog.  Second, I held the clip.  Third, I clipped it together.  In this way, I prepared to take the dog in the car by fitting the harness on the dog.

6.    I prepared to travel from A to B.  I did this by driving the hovercar.  First, I stood on the ground.  Second, I jumped in the air.  Third, I landed on the ground.  In this way, I prepared to travel from A to B by driving the hovercar.

7.    I prepared to exercise logic about religion (philosophy).  I did this by writing that the headdress wearers in the nativity scene (scene only) were not Muslims (philosophers).  First, I wrote that the nativity scene (scene only) was introduced after the inception of Islam (the school).  Second, I wrote they couldn't have been Muslims (philosophers).  Third, I wrote that this was because Islam's (the school's) inception was after the time of the nativity scene (scene only).  In this way, I prepared to exercise logic about religion (philosophy) by writing that the headdress wearers in the nativity scene (scene only) were not Muslims (philosophers).

8.    I prepared to enjoy the note.  I did this by watching the bald-headed man walk past.  First, I noticed the man on the nature strip.  Second, I noticed him ring the doorbell.  Third, I looked as he made the embouchure with the saxophone.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the note by watching the bald-headed man walk past.

9.     I prepared to enjoy the new head of state.  I did this by being above erect (surrected myself).  First, I liked the Queen.  Second, I was in favour of her.  Third, I observed the change of the head of state.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the new head of state by being above erect (surrected myself).

10.   I prepared to stated that the man avoided the sun.  I did this by stating that there was a sun in the sky.  First, I looked in the sky at a particular time.  Second, I saw the sun.  Third, I sketched it.  In this way, I prepared to stated that the man avoided the sun by stating that there was a sun in the sky.

"]