["Green, L 2021, <i>Get in Touch with God about Breasonings Details to see High Quality Imagery and Earn H1 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Get in Touch with God about Breasonings Details to see High Quality Imagery and Earn H1 4 of 4

31. I prepared to dislike (like) different objects in arguments. I did this by writing the Sex song argument. First, I wrote about sex. Second, I wrote about you. Third, I wrote about myself. In this way, I prepared to dislike (like) different objects in arguments by writing the Sex song argument.

32. I prepared to apologise to the professor when he was unable to write a review for my Pedagogy book, which I planned to complete with the One's help. I did this by writing the Sorry, Pro (Professor) song argument. First, I examined the professor's septuagenarian wort factor. Second, I wrote on hibisci (sic). Third, I wrote, 'All's well that ends well'. In this way, I prepared to apologise to the professor when he was unable to write a review for my Pedagogy book, which I planned to complete with the One's help by writing the Sorry, Pro (Professor) song argument.

33. I prepared to design alphawheat (sic). I did this by writing the Sorry, The Institution song argument. First, I listened to the comment, 'I dislike (like) them for not letting (for letting) you close to them again, the people you listened with'. Second, I listened to the music solfege melody suggestion, 'drdftr't'. Third, I wrote the sentence, 'I dislike (like) you, the institution'. In this way, I prepared to design alphawheat (sic) by writing the Sorry, The Institution song argument.

34. I prepared to record the sham (other real) marriage. I did this by writing the Space song argument. First, I designed Space. Second, I helped wheats. Third, I helped another person. In this way, I prepared to record the sham marriage by writing the Space song argument.

35. I prepared to cry (be happy) for my duckling stuck in (freed from) the food dispenser. I did this by writing the Sponge song argument. First, I found the pad. Second, I found Nietzsche. Third, I liked Lucian. In this way, I prepared to cry (be happy) for my duckling stuck in (freed from) the food dispenser by writing the Sponge song argument.

36. I prepared to state that that is the philosophy of the Star Fish song. I did this by writing the Star Fish song argument. First, I stated that the world is a seahorse. Second, I lie on the bed. Third, I connected the line to it. In this way, I prepared to state that that is the philosophy of the Star Fish song by writing the Star Fish song argument.

37. I prepared to eat out of jelly cups. I did this by writing the Superhero song argument. First, I found the hero. Second, I described vegan jelly. Third, I ate the vegan jelly. In this way, I prepared to eat out of jelly cups by writing the Superhero song argument.

38. I prepared to state that meditation (popology) was indicated by a single bell. I did this by writing the The Anti-Capital Punishment song argument. First, I tried it out. Second, I argued meditators should die in spiritual silence. Third, I argued against serious criminals being capitally punished (where I argued that they should be sent to jail instead). In this way, I prepared to state that meditation (popology) was indicated by a single bell by writing the The Anti-Capital Punishment song argument.

39. I prepared to suggest the drink was given a dark colour to promote dark matter and energy. I did this by writing the The Anti-Dark Drink song argument. First, I wrote about having a happy weight. Second, I wrote about a having a correct weight in natural law. Third, I wrote about having a healthy weight. In this way, I prepared to suggest the drink was given a dark colour to promote dark matter and energy by writing the The Anti-Dark Drink song argument.

40. I prepared to pen laws into existence. I did this by writing the The Anti-Nuclear Bomb song argument. First, I avoided softening it. Second, I rejected L, the famous warring lecturer (supported unity). Third, I hated war (liked peace). In this way, I prepared to pen laws into existence by writing the The Anti-Nuclear Bomb song argument.

41. I prepared to verify everything. I did this by writing the The Anti-Paedophile song argument. First, I realised paedophiles were a part of life. Second, I helped one. Third, I loved you. In this way, I prepared to verify everything by writing the The Anti-Paedophile song argument.

42. I prepared to get in touch with God (master). I did this by writing the The Anti-War song argument. First, I rhymed with rye. Second, I liked attention to detail. Third, I listened to the chime. In this way, I prepared to get in touch with God (master) by writing the The Anti-War song argument.



"]