["Green, L 2021, <i>Perpetual University Short Courses 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Perpetual University Short Courses 2 of 4

11. I prepared to write it was based on me, but there might be a little Nietzschean engram helping it through.  I did this by stating that I was the pedagogy helper like Nietzsche.  First, I became a pedagogue.  Second, I wrote 250 As.  Third, I realised the Nietzsche helper was me, because Nietzsche wrote about tropes, not the terms of Pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to write it was based on me, but there might be a little Nietzschean engram helping it through by stating that I was the pedagogy helper like Nietzsche.

12. I prepared to listen to someone announce celibacy.  I did this by stating that I was happy.  First, I found you.  Second, I was happy with your presence.  Third, I played the drum.  In this way, I prepared to listen to someone announce celibacy by stating that I was happy.

13. I prepared to study each University short course.  I did this by eating the orange.  First, I peeled it with hair-clippers.  Second, I ate each segment.  Third, I nickered (sic) each part away. In this way, I prepared to study each University short course by eating the orange.

14. I prepared to film the stunt.  I did this by enamouring the slight men and women.  First, I walked to the precipice.  Second, I stepped off.  Third, I landed slightly on my mark.  In this way, I prepared to film the stunt by enamouring the slight men and women.

15. I prepared to eat the double scoop cone.  I did this by enhancing myself by turning the light on. First, I made the set.  Second, I posed in it.  Third, I was flash photographed.  In this way, I prepared to eat the double scoop cone by enhancing myself by turning the light on.

16. I prepared to eat the large sword's sauces.  I did this by wearing the jumper.  First, I put on the sleeves.  Second, I put on the skivvy.  Third, I put on the top.  In this way, I prepared to eat the large sword's sauces by wearing the jumper.

17. I prepared to dive into sesquicentenary.  I did this by holding the big rod.  First, I found the needle.  Second, I threaded thread through it's eye.  Third, I sewed the neat pattern.  In this way, I prepared to dive into sesquicentenary by holding the big rod.

18. I prepared to enjoy the exchange.  I did this by stating that the man helped me.  First, I noticed the man easing.  Second, I noticed him nosing.  Third, I noticed him making a crease maker.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the exchange by stating that the man helped me.

19. I prepared to help more people.  I did this by sucking on the boiled lolly.  First, I knew about the red boiled lolly.  Second, I gritted it with my teeth (I helped other people to avoid gritty problems).  Third, I stated that the person with that view (that Lucian's Pedagogy was untrue) was helped by me.  In this way, I prepared to help more people by sucking on the boiled lolly.

20. I prepared to read the centre's texts in hieroglyphics.  I did this by reading hieroglyphs.  First, I read the first hieroglyph.  Second, I looked it up in the image dictionary.  Third, I repeated this for each hieroglyph.  In this way, I prepared to read the centre's texts in hieroglyphics by reading hieroglyphs.

"]