["Green, L 2021, <i>Less Depression 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Less Depression 2 of 4

11. I prepared to dabble with it.  I did this by providing Drawing service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the ink cartridge.  Second, I splatted with it.  Third, I dabbed it up.  In this way, I prepared to dabble with it by providing Drawing service as breasonings currency.

12. I prepared to be artistic.  I did this by providing Painting service as breasonings currency.  First, I held it up.  Second, I looked at it with the light.  Third, I painted on it what I saw.  In this way, I prepared to be artistic by providing Painting service as breasonings currency.

13. I prepared to make funny connections.  I did this by providing Photographic service as breasonings currency.  First, I captured the photograph.  Second, I developed it.  Third, I created the collage.  In this way, I prepared to make funny connections by providing Photographic service as breasonings currency.

14. I prepared to follow 50 As with magic.  I did this by providing Printmaking service as breasonings currency.  First, I found out the cosmology.  Second, I placed the stamp at this position.  Third, I made a connection.  In this way, I prepared to follow 50 As with magic by providing Printmaking service as breasonings currency.

15. I prepared to love my family.  I did this by providing Sculpture and Spatial Practices service as breasonings currency.  First, I modelled my mother.  Second, I modelled my father.  Third, I modelled myself.  In this way, I prepared to love my family by providing Sculpture and Spatial Practices service as breasonings currency.

16. I prepared to be loved.  I did this by providing Dance service as breasonings currency.  First, I prepared to dance wildly.  Second, I prepared to dance freely.  Third, I danced wheeledly (sic).  In this way, I prepared to be loved by providing Dance service as breasonings currency.

17. I prepared to disappear the feeling.  I did this by providing Drama service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the act.  Second, I did it.  Third, I just enjoyed myself.  In this way, I prepared to disappear the feeling by providing Drama service as breasonings currency.

18. I prepared to turn off the television.  I did this by providing Film and Television service as breasonings currency.  First, I snuggled up to him.  Second, I kissed him goodnight.  Third, I hoped Maude had turned off the tap.  In this way, I prepared to turn off the television by providing Film and Television service as breasonings currency.

19. I prepared to employ my commerce knowledge.  I did this by providing Music service as breasonings currency.  First, I played the guitar.  Second, I sang.  Third, I recorded the music.  In this way, I prepared to employ my commerce knowledge by providing Music service as breasonings currency.

20. I prepared to not have unnecessary surgery (remain healthy).  I did this by providing String service as breasonings currency.  First, I determined the string length.  Second, I played it.  Third, I brushed my teeth after eating.  In this way, I prepared to not have unnecessary surgery (remain healthy) by providing String service as breasonings currency.

"]