["Green, L 2021, <i>Brain 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Brain 3 of 4

21.    I prepared to love you. I did this by bathing you. First, I bathed your ears. Second, I bathed your cuticles. Third, I bathed your pinkies. In this way, I prepared to love you by bathing you.

22.    I prepared to love myself. I did this by scrubbing my feet. First, I filled a small bucket with water. Second, I dabbed a foottowel in the water. Third, I tickled my right foot with the towel. In this way, I prepared to love myself by scrubbing my feet.

23.    I prepared to love everyone. I did this by ticking the name off the guestlist. First, I recognised the person's face. Second, I searched for the person's name. Third, I ticked her name off the guestlist. In this way, I prepared to love everyone by ticking the name off the guestlist.

24.    I prepared to love everyone else. I did this by writing the non-guest's name down. First, the non-guest told me her name wasn't on the guestlist. Second, she told me her name. Third, I wrote the non-guest's name down on the guestlist. I prepared to love everyone else by writing the non-guest's name down.

25.    The firefighter prepared to fight the fire. He did this by attaching the hose to the fire hydrant. First, he unwound the hose. Second, he attached it to the fire hydrant. Third, he carried the hose to the fire. In this way, the firefighter prepared to fight the fire by attaching the hose to the fire hydrant.

26.    I prepared to love you. I did this by drawing the group close together. First, I copied knowledge into the group. Second, I compared the knowledge in the group. Third, I came to a conclusion about the group. In this way, I prepared to love you by drawing the group close together.

27.    I prepared to say 'I love me'. I did this by ranking myself first. First, I found the list. Second, I found my name. Third, I reranked it with my name first. In this way, I prepared to say 'I love me by ranking myself first.

28.    The polycaring man prepared to say 'I love everybody'. He did this by caring for his family member. First, he cared for his first family member. Second, he prepared to cared for his second family member. Third, he repeated this until he had cared for all his family members. In this way, the man from another religion prepared to say 'I love everybody' by caring for his second family member.

29.    I prepared to avoid the cold air in the bed room. I did this by sleeping under the pillow. First, I lied on the mattress. Second, I placed the pillow on my forehead. Third, I counted sheep until I fell asleep. In this way, I prepared to avoid the cold air in the bed room by sleeping under the pillow.

30.    I prepared to say 'I love you'. I did this by opening the gumnut. First, I found the knife. Second, I lined up the knife along the central line of the gumnut. Third, I dissected the gumnut in half. In this way, I prepared to say 'I love you' by opening the gumnut.

"]