["Green, L 2021, <i>4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to celebrate the Earth's life.  I did this by providing Geography service as breasonings currency.  First, I planted the plant.  Second, I walked to the counter.  Third, I asked for service.  In this way, I prepared to celebrate the Earth's life by providing Geography service as breasonings currency.

32.    I prepared to make money.  I did this by providing German service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the German drinking the water.  Second, I found him exercising.  Third, I paid him.  In this way, I prepared to make money by providing German service as breasonings currency.

33.    I prepared to build the concrete city.  I did this by providing Global Issues service as breasonings currency.  First, I included the rest of the people.  Second, I helped them understand it.  Third, I wrote down what they said about it.  In this way, I prepared to build the concrete city by providing Global Issues service as breasonings currency.

34.    I prepared to eat the apple.  I did this by providing Hebrew and Jewish Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I supported them.  Second, I disc-hissed (listened to) them.  Third, I managed with them.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple by providing Hebrew and Jewish Studies service as breasonings currency.

35.   I prepared to habilitate myself.  I did this by providing History service as breasonings currency.  First, I announced it.  Second, I pra-hissed it (helped them).  Third, I removed the rainbow on the glass.  In this way, I prepared to habilitate myself by providing History service as breasonings currency.

36.    I prepared to write about philosophy.  I did this by providing History and Philosophy of Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote to the religious (philosophical) leader.  Second, I wrote about religion (philosophy).  Third, I wrote about how it works.  In this way, I prepared to write about philosophy by providing History and Philosophy of Science service as breasonings currency.

37.    I prepared to enjoy the professors talking about the positive points.  I did this by providing Indonesian Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote about Indonesia.  Second, I helped them decide what to do.  Third, I wrote about how it's good.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the professors talking about the positive points by providing Indonesian Studies service as breasonings currency.

38.    I prepared to like God.  I did this by providing International Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote about the professors.  Second, I wrote about how broadminded it was.  Third, I protected people who said 'God is dead' by claiming they were agreeing with God.  In this way, I prepared to like God by providing International Studies service as breasonings currency.

39.    I prepared to carefully drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast.  I did this by providing Islamic Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote I liked the professor's interesting side.  Second, I liked disagreement (agreement).  Third, I allowed enough time to drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast.  In this way, I prepared to carefully drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast by providing Islamic Studies service as breasonings currency.

40.   I prepared to maintain safe conditions at each point when drinking 4 glasses of water and exercising 45 minutes before breakfast.  I did this by providing Italian service as breasonings currency.  First, I prepared to drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast every day.  Second, I wrote down to help others drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast.  Third, I helped others to drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minutes before breakfast.  In this way, I prepared to maintain safe conditions at each point when drinking 4 glasses of water and exercising 45 minutes before breakfast by providing Italian service as breasonings currency.

41.    I prepared to eat out.  I did this by providing Japanese Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked observing the person drinking 4 glasses of water and exercising 45 minutes before breakfast for her whole life.  Second, I wrote about the Japanese light.  Third, I wrote about opening it out.  In this way, I prepared to eat out by providing Japanese Studies service as breasonings currency.

42.   I prepared to argue that there should be a book of Latin-English etymology links.  I did this by providing Latin service as breasonings currency.  First, I spoke in Latin.  Second, I helped the Latin students.  Third, I verified that the Latin spoke Latin properly.  In this way, I prepared to argue that there should be a book of Latin-English etymology links by providing Latin service as breasonings currency.



"]