["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 1 of 4



1. If an organ has an A, confirm it, otherwise give it an A.

Diagnosis: Spiritually read cosmology or test the page-load time of a set of encrypted Internet pages to count the number of As breasoned out for a person's particular organ system per day by that person.

Treatment: Prescribe an organ system sutra for each organ system with no As.

1a.     I prepared to demonstrate the polyp. I did this by providing Ethics service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote as magister gloriae myself. Second, I fed Psipsina maltodextrin. Third, I observed Peloponnesia about it. In this way, I prepared to demonstrate the polyp by providing Ethics service as breasonings currency.

2.    I prepared to decide. I did this by providing Laws service as breasonings currency. First, I provided lots of intelligences. Second, I had hope for them. Third, I disised malaecotopics (sic). In this way, I prepared to decide by providing Laws service as breasonings currency.

3.     I prepared to design you. I did this by providing Economics service as breasonings currency. First, I designed malus. Second, I hatted it. Third, I found you. In this way, I prepared to design you by providing Economics service as breasonings currency.

4.    I prepared to delight in it. I did this by providing Sport service as breasonings currency. First, I alleviated you. Second, I loved it. Third, I found Bismarck. In this way, I prepared to delight in it by providing Sport service as breasonings currency.

5.    I prepared to identigenitrix it (sic). I did this by providing Games service as breasonings currency. First, I fed the maltodextrin to the axolotl. Second, I squeezed the gel to help her recuperate. Third, I mass-harmonised it. In this way, I prepared to identigenitrix it (sic) by providing Games service as breasonings currency.

6.    I prepared to go well. I did this by providing Mathematics service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote my own 50 As. Second, I wrote it for you. Third, I loved you too. In this way, I prepared to go well by providing Mathematics service as breasonings currency.

7.    I prepared to write about alaloviala. I did this by providing Genetics service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the transcription. Second, I wrote about the translation. Third, I wrote about the replication. In this way, I prepared to write about alaloviala by providing Genetics service as breasonings currency.

8.    I prepared to describe how the immune system works. I did this by providing Immunology service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about Cellular Immunology. Second, I wrote about Clinical Immunology. Third, I wrote about Genetic Immunology. In this way, I prepared to describe how the immune system works by providing Immunology service as breasonings currency.

9.     I prepared to verify the thought process about body function with an algorithm. I did this by providing Neuroscience service as breasonings currency. First, I found the brain. Second, I found how it worked. Third, I applied this to people's lives. In this way, I prepared to verify the thought process about body function with an algorithm by providing Neuroscience service as breasonings currency.

10.   I prepared to think of the functional Earth. I did this by providing Earth service as breasonings currency. First, I applied pedagogy to the person's life. Second, I wrote about medicine. Third, I wrote about vocational arts. In this way, I prepared to think of the functional Earth by providing Earth service as breasonings currency.

"]