["Green, L 2021, <i>Quantum Box and Prayer 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Quantum Box and Prayer 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to exercise because of being painless (in comfort).  I did this by preventing a bent spine (maintaining a straight spine) by performing the asanas yoga exercises.  First, I performed the asanas yoga exercises.  Second, I recommended the asanas yoga exercises to you.  Third, I recommended the asanas yoga exercises to others.  In this way, I prepared to exercise because of being painless (in comfort) by preventing a bent spine (maintaining a straight spine) by performing the asanas yoga exercises.

12.   I prepared to eat more food.  I did this by having no mental breakdowns (schizophrenia).  First, I helped them to lose weight.  Second, I ate vegan food.  Third, I ate good food.  In this way, I prepared to eat more food by having no mental breakdowns (schizophrenia).

13.    I prepared to travel to the zoo.  I did this by using the honey pot prayer (technique) for no headache (a comfortable head) in cars, trains and walks.  First, I used the honey pot prayer (technique) for no headache (a comfortable head) in the car.  Second, I used the honey pot prayer (technique) for no headache (a comfortable head) in the train.  Third, I used the honey pot prayer (technique) for no headache (a comfortable head) in the walk.  In this way, I prepared to travel to the zoo by using the honey pot prayer (technique) for no headache (a comfortable head) in cars, trains and walks.

14.   I prepared to prevent mild cases of some disorders.  I did this by using the nut and bolt technique to prevent problems in (maintain health in) psychiatry (unwanted thoughts (ensure thoughts are wanted), hallucinogenic appearances (maintain peace of mind), depression prevention (maintain happiness) and headache (keep head clear)), psychology (education mistake (maintain correctness), and unwanted effects of excess breasonings (clear one's mind)), physiology (incompatibility of virality with conception (ensure healthy conception), muscle ache (relax muscles) and pimple (maintain clear skin)).  First, I used the nut and bolt technique to maintain health in psychiatry (unwanted thoughts (ensure thoughts are wanted), hallucinogenic appearances (maintain peace of mind), depression prevention (maintain happiness) and headache (keep head clear)).  Second, I used the nut and bolt technique to maintain health in psychology (education mistake (maintain correctness), and unwanted effects of excess breasonings (clear one's mind)).  Third, I used the nut and bolt technique to maintain health in physiology (incompatibility of virality with conception (ensure healthy conception), muscle ache (relax muscles) and pimple (maintain clear skin)).  In this way, I prepared to prevent mild cases of some disorders by using the nut and bolt technique to prevent problems in (maintain health in) psychiatry (unwanted thoughts (ensure thoughts are wanted), hallucinogenic appearances (maintain peace of mind), depression prevention (maintain happiness) and headache (keep head clear)), psychology (education mistake (maintain correctness), and unwanted effects of excess breasonings (clear one's mind)), physiology (incompatibility of virality with conception (ensure healthy conception), muscle ache (relax muscles) and pimple (maintain clear skin)).

15.   I prepared to maintain health overall.  I did this by reinforcing prevention of the problems that the nut and bolt prevent with the quantum box/prayer (argument).  First, I used the quantum box/prayer (argument) to maintain health in psychiatry (unwanted thoughts (ensure thoughts are wanted), hallucinogenic appearances (maintain peace of mind), depression prevention (maintain happiness) and headache (keep head clear)).  Second, I used the quantum box/prayer (argument) to maintain health in psychology (education mistake (maintain correctness), and unwanted effects of excess breasonings (clear one's mind)).  Third, I used the quantum box/prayer (argument) to maintain health in physiology (incompatibility of virality with conception (ensure healthy conception), muscle ache (relax muscles) and pimple (maintain clear skin)).  In this way, I prepared to maintain health overall by reinforcing prevention of the problems that the nut and bolt prevent with the quantum box/prayer (argument).

16.   I prepared to enjoy perfect societal function.  I did this by prevent headaches by thinking clearly of head of state.  First, I dotted on, and then waved a flag symbolising being polite by speaking after the last comment.  Second, I said sorry to (agreed with) the Head of State before any mistakes (about correctness) to avoid the headache from a tank spiritually running over one's head (so that my head was protected).  Third, I got on with the rest of the day.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy perfect societal function by prevent headaches by thinking clearly of head of state.

17.   I prepared to write music about defeating depression (being jubilant) in the hills.  I did this by using laughter as the yoga for depression (to remain happy).  First, I used laughter as the yoga for depression (to remain happy).  Second, I remained happy.  Third, I walked in the hills.  In this way, I prepared to write music about defeating depression (being jubilant) in the hills by using laughter as the yoga for depression (to remain happy).

18.   I prepared to stop drinking elderberry juice after 55 years in case of creating new cells, causing cancer (so that I was healthy).  I did this by preventing colds and flu by blocking binding sites of bacteria and viruses with vitamin B and vitamin B complexes in elderberries.  First, I prevented colds and flu by blocking binding sites of bacteria with vitamin B and vitamin B complexes in elderberries.  Second, I prevented colds and flu by blocking binding sites of viruses with vitamin B and vitamin B complexes in elderberries.  Third, I felt ecstatic.  In this way, I prepared to stop drinking elderberry juice after 55 years in case of creating new cells, causing cancer (so that I was healthy) by preventing colds and flu by blocking binding sites of bacteria and viruses with vitamin B and vitamin B complexes in elderberries.

19.    I prepared to delect the strawberry.  I did this by eating proper food, including grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables and sitting properly at table during meals.  First, I ate the grains.  Second, I ate the nuts.  Third, I ate the fruits.  In this way, I prepared to delect the strawberry by eating proper food, including grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables and sitting properly at table during meals.

20.  I prepared to maintain leadership through God (as a master).  I did this by maintaining a single career in commerce.  First, I gave 50 As to all the employees when they were employed.  Second, I gave 50 As to all the employees each day.  Third, I gave 50 As to each customer for each product and service bought.  In this way, I prepared to maintain leadership through God (as a master) by maintaining a single career in commerce.

"]