["Green, L 2021, <i>Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 4 of 4

31. I prepared to satisfy the child's hunger.  I did this by feeding the child.  First, I fetched the fresh peach.  Second, I unwrapped the peach.  Third, I fed the peach to the child.  In this way, I prepared to satisfy the child's hunger by feeding the child.

32. I prepared to prefer content.  I did this by liking the Lulu Iglesias song.  First, I played the song.  Second, I liked it's form.  Third, I liked it's content.  In this way, I prepared to prefer content by liking the Lulu Iglesias song.

33. I prepared to plate the anti-government's race.  I did this by speaking in Chinese.  First, I wrote the vocabulary list.  Second, I wrote the summary of the topic in grammar.  Third, I performed the Chinese speech.  In this way,  I prepared to plate the anti-government's race by speaking in Chinese.

34. I prepared to write it all down.  I did this by speaking in Arecibos.  First, I selected the correct frequency.  Second, I selected the correct the correct wavelength.  Third, I delivered the message.  In this way, I prepared to write it all down by speaking in Arecibos.

35. I prepared to help with winning.  I did this by being helpful.  First, I wrote the index.  Second, I wrote the sign.  Third, I wrote the number.  In this way, I prepared to help with winning by being helpful.

36. I prepared to spiritually regenerate by tasting my heart.  I did this by being useful.  First, I found the etching.  Second, I made a black print with it.  Third, I invented a language with a perfectly programmed genitive philosophical perspective.  In this way, I prepared to spiritually regenerate by tasting my heart by being useful.

37. I prepared to use the thing.  I did this by finding an interesting thing.  First, I looked in the interesting place.  Second, I found the interesting thing.  Third, I said how interesting it was.  In this way, I prepared to use the thing by finding an interesting thing.

38. I prepared to meet you.  I did this by liking you.  First, I walked into the room.  Second, I walked around the circle.  Third, I held your hand.  In this way, I prepared to meet you by liking you.

39. I prepared to go to school with you.  I did this by having help with you.  First, I knew about you. Second, I had help with you.  Third, I made all the correct moves.  In this way, I prepared to go to school with you by having help with you.

40. I prepared to say it backwards.  I did this by liking the 'Things' book, which I made as a child. First, I knew it.  Second, I knew my beautiful enigma.  Third, I knew it backwards.  In this way, I prepared to say it backwards by liking the 'Things' book, which I made as a child.

41. I prepared to write the tastes cookbook.  I did this by assisting people on Earth.  First, I sang the first note.  Second, I sang the second note.  Third, I played them together.  In this way, I prepared to write the tastes cookbook by assisting people on Earth.

42. I prepared to engage in intercourse with you.  I did this by writing to you.  First, I knew you.  Second, I knew the people.  Third, I held you fast.  In this way, I prepared to engage in intercourse with you by writing to you.


"]