["Green, L 2021, <i>Doctor Sutra 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Doctor Sutra 3 of 4

21.    I asked the teacher who a person was. I did this by looking for a dot on the viewscreen. First, I opened the teacher's knowledge simulation. Second, I found the person on the viewscreen. Third, I read the person's name under their face on the viewscreen. In this way, I asked the teacher who a person was by looking for a dot on the viewscreen.

22.    I prepared to analyse where a person went wrong. I did this by replaying her making a mistake. First, I listened to where she labelled her mistake. Second, I underlined it. Third, I told her why her mistake was incorrect. In this way, I prepared to analyse where a person went wrong by replaying her making a mistake.

23.    I prepared to examine why a person's answer was correct. I did this by listening to her correct her mistake. First, I listened to the question being asked. Second, I thought of the correct answer. Third, I explained why the answer answered the question. In this way, I prepared to examine why a person's answer was correct by listening to her correct her mistake.

24.    An acting agent prepared to think of an A based on another person's A. He did this by removing another object that was an extension from a slight inference. First, he thought of the inference 'I like it' between 'He did this by removing another object that was an extension from a slight inference' and 'What is your opinion'. Second, he thought of an object that was an extension from this slight inference, a raspberry. Third, he removed another object that was an extension from this slight inference, a pip. In this way, he prepared to think of an A based on another person's A by removing another object that was an extension from a slight inference.

25.    I prepared to have an intelligent conversation. I did this by conversing with my peers. First, I opened the football-shaped book. Second, I opened the book card. Third, I signed it for everyone in sight. In this way, I prepared to have an intelligent conversation by conversing with my peers.

26.    I prepared to love you. I did this by proposing to you. First, I found your address. Second, I rang you up and saw you many times. Third, I proposed marriage to you. In this way, I prepared to love you by proposing to you.

27.    I prepared to love a child. I did this by committing to paying for her. First, I calculated how much she would cost each year. Second, I added these amounts up. Third, I calculated what job I would need to earn this sum. In this way, I prepared to love a child by committing to paying for her.

28.    I prepared for the possibility of wanting you. I did this by exploring why I felt all right about you. First, I made sure that I was happy. Second, I ensured that I was secure. Third, I checked off that I was safe. In this way, I prepared for the possibility of wanting you by exploring why I felt all right about you.

29.    I prepared to write an H1 for a student. I did this by having that baby with my wife. First, I had that baby with my wife. Second, I poured the water out of the vase. Third, I poured fresh water back in. In this way, I prepared to write an H1 for a student by having that baby with my wife.

30.    I prepared to help the adult earn a job. I did this by making sure the baby was happy. First, I let something appear from stagecraft. Second, I pretended to think of 50 As to earn the job that appeared. Third, I tantalized the baby spiritually. In this way, I prepared to help the adult earn a job by making sure the baby was happy.

"]