["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Lucianic Pedagogical Medicine 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to view the phoenix. I did this by providing Maths service as breasonings currency. First, I helped the breasoners. Second, I exposed it. Third, I borrowed it. In this way, I prepared to view the phoenix by providing Maths service as breasonings currency.

22.   I prepared to arrest the offender. I did this by providing English service as breasonings currency. First, I observed her schapzazzure (sic) her way forward. Second, I helped saplings. Third, I co-blessed (wrote) my way forward. In this way, I prepared to arrest the offender by providing English service as breasonings currency.

23.   I prepared to light the match. I did this by providing Linguistics service as breasonings currency. First, I played the harpsichord. Second, I donated it. Third, I halved it. In this way, I prepared to light the match by providing Linguistics service as breasonings currency.

24.   I prepared to disseminate you. I did this by providing providing Psychology service as breasonings currency. First, I knew you. Second, I held you. Third, I quartered you. In this way, I prepared to disseminate you by providing providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.

25.  I prepared to examine the other people. I did this by providing Physics service as breasonings currency. First, I attended Physics Gymansium. Second, I held the Carpathians. Third, I made the distinction in the English class. In this way, I prepared to examine the other people by providing Physics service as breasonings currency.

26.   I prepared to dine with the king. I did this by providing Computer Science service as breasonings currency. First, I held the organs aloft. Second, I examined the camera shutter. Third, I held you fast. In this way, I prepared to dine with the king by providing Computer Science service as breasonings currency.

27.   I prepared to dine on carob. I did this by providing Physiology service as breasonings currency. First, I held the people for questioning. Second, I questioned them. Third, I wrote about them in politics. In this way, I prepared to dine on carob by providing Physiology service as breasonings currency.

28.   I prepared to induct it. I did this by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency. First, I ate the mince tart. Second, I wrote about it in my notebook. Third, I boiled quinoa. In this way, I prepared to induct it by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.

29.   I prepared to write about what I saw. I did this by providing Biology service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the biological molecules. Second, I found the person. Third, I helped the person. In this way, I prepared to write about what I saw by providing Biology service as breasonings currency.

30.   I prepared to write down what the people said. I did this by providing Politics service as breasonings currency. First, I wrote about the politicians. Second, I wrote about their minds. Third, I related to it. In this way, I prepared to write down what the people said by providing Politics service as breasonings currency.

"]