["Green, L 2021, <i>Get in Touch with God about Breasonings Details to see High Quality Imagery and Earn H1 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Get in Touch with God about Breasonings Details to see High Quality Imagery and Earn H1 1 of 4



1. Breason out the Breasonings Details to see high quality imagery and earn A-grade.

Before doing the following, dot it on twice (once for you and once for God).

Realise that as soon as this is done, the God/Maharishi character is helped enough, not too much, which dots it on for him in a high quality way.

Explain the Pedagogical ways of thinking or Breasonings Details to God by breasoning out each Breasonings Detail, before breasoning out an H1 during an unbroken sequence of days during which meditation to that God is performed on each day. If there is a break in the meditation days, the Breasonings Details need to be re-explained to God.

Repeat the sutra 'Upasana' for 40 minutes per day for one month after paying to unify high quality imagery with your sense of sight and learn the mantra and sutra. NB. If you have already done this, omit this step. Repeat the mantra 'Lucian' and sutra 'Green' each for twenty minutes twice per day on other days.

1a. I prepared to use the icicle. I did this by writing the Icicle song argument. First, I wrote about sex. Second, I wrote about us. Third, I wrote about them. In this way, I prepared to use the icicle by writing the Icicle song argument.

2. I prepared to dine with the Whiteleys. I did this by writing the Indian Rhapsody song argument. First, I wrote about India. Second, I wrote about rhapsody. Third, I wrote about the vehemence (persistence). In this way, I prepared to dine with the Whiteleys by writing the Indian Rhapsody song argument.

3. I prepared to reject that I wanted John Adams as my manager, and I wanted him as my friend. I did this by writing the John Adams is Good song argument. First, I wrote about my friend John Adams. Second, I wrote with it. Third, I wrote with a biddle (sic) bit of it. In this way, I prepared to reject that I wanted John Adams as my manager, and I wanted him as my friend by writing the John Adams is Good song argument.

4. I prepared to design the void. I did this by writing the Like a Police Dog song argument. First, I found the police. Second, I found the dog. Third, I found what it was like. In this way, I prepared to design the void by writing the Like a Police Dog song argument.

5. I prepared to ask why there was a single white female there. I did this by writing the Long Time Coming song argument. First, I found the child. Second, I helped it up. Third, I cooked it dinner. In this way, I prepared to ask why there was a single white female there by writing the Long Time Coming song argument.

6. I prepared to celebrate Nietzsche. I did this by writing the Love 2 (A Round) song argument. First, I found Love 2. Second, I sang it as a round. Third, I sang with you, Jill. In this way, I prepared to celebrate Nietzsche by writing the Love 2 (A Round) song argument.

7. I prepared to watch the duckling models and prevent pasty bottom with lukewarm water and a cotton bud. I did this by writing the Love song argument. First, I enjoyed the galaxies. Second, I enjoyed religion (philosophy). Third, I wrote about you. In this way, I prepared to watch the duckling models and prevent pasty bottom with lukewarm water and a cotton bud by writing the Love song argument.

8. I prepared to synthesise the man's thoughts together. I did this by writing the Loveliana song argument. First, I found Iran. Second, I sang about her. Third, I sang about you too. In this way, I prepared to synthesise the man's thoughts together by writing the Loveliana song argument.

9. I prepared to design the luckies. I did this by writing the Luckier and Luckier song argument. First, I found the lucky puppy. Second, I found the luckier puppy. Third, I found that the first puppy was even luckier.  In this way, I prepared to design the luckies by writing the Luckier and Luckier song argument.

10. I prepared to help the child with school work. I did this by writing the Lullaby song argument.  First, I sang the child to sleep. Second, I closed the door. Third, I enunciated well that it was asleep. In this way, I prepared to help the child with school work by writing the Lullaby song argument.

"]