["Green, L 2021, <i>Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 4 of 4

31. I prepared to feast with the royals.  I did this by counting the grains.  First, I counted the maize.  Second, I counted the corn.  Third, I counted the wheat.  In this way, I prepared to feast with the royals by counting the grains.

32. I prepared to ingest the vitamin C.  I did this by counting the fruits.  First, I counted the peach. Second, I counted the counted the nectarine.  Third, I counted the apricot.  In this way, I prepared to ingest the vitamin C by counting the fruits.

33. I prepared to eat the nuts.  I did this by counting the nuts.  First, I counted the hazelnut.  Second, I counted the macadamia.  Third, I counted the brazil nut.  In this way, I prepared to eat the nuts by counting the nuts.

34. I prepared to make vegetable puree.  I did this by counting the vegetables.  First, I counted the carrot.  Second, I counted the potato.  Third, I counted the onion.  In this way, I prepared to make vegetable puree by counting the vegetables.

35. I prepared to present the dish to the Queen.  I did this by cooking the asparagus.  First, I barbecued the asparagus.  Second, I added lemon.  Third, I added mint.  In this way, I prepared to present the dish to the Queen by cooking the asparagus.

36. I prepared to record the taste.  I did this by eating the part of the food that I had knowledge about.  First, I found the tip of the food.  Second, I ate it.  Third, I commented on the taste.  In this way, I prepared to record the taste by eating the part of the food that I had knowledge about.

37. I prepared to write on polyhedrons.  I did this by making the polyhedron.  First, I constructed the polygon.  Second, I connected the polygons together.  Third, I constructed the polyhedron.  In this way, I prepared to write on polyhedrons by making the polyhedron.

38. I prepared to allow the polyhedron to take effect.  I did this by inserting the polyhedron somewhere in my body.  First, I sat on the chair.  Second, I held the polyhedron.  Third, I inserted it between my lips.  In this way, I prepared to allow the polyhedron to take effect by inserting the polyhedron somewhere in my body.

39. I prepared to verify the programs.  I did this by programming my science predictions.  First, I researched them.  Second, I found that they were true.  Third, I wrote algorithms for them.  In this way, I prepared to verify the programs by programming my science predictions.

40. I prepared to score the taste of the nut.  I did this by assessing the taste of the nut.  First, I bit the nut.  Second, I let it rest on my tongue.  Third, I tasted it.  In this way, I prepared to score the taste of the nut by assessing the taste of the nut.

41. I prepared to remove the ginger after cooking and serve.  I did this by cooking the grain.  First, I added jasmine rice.  Second, I added coconut cream.  Third, I added ginger.  In this way, I prepared to remove the ginger after cooking and serve by cooking the grain.

42. I prepared to eat the peanuts.  I did this by cooking the nut.  First, I placed the peanuts and salt in a pot.  Second, I immersed them in water.  Third, I brought them to boil and simmered them for up to 3 hours.  In this way, I prepared to eat the peanuts by cooking the nut.


"]