["Green, L 2021, <i>Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 4 of 4

31. I prepared to go to the top of the class.  I did this by correcting (agreeing with) the ungrammatical (grammatical) lecturer.  First, I listened to the sentence.  Second, I found the grammatical error (highlight).  Third, I corrected the error (agreed with the highlight).  In this way, I prepared to go to the top of the class by correcting (agreeing with) the ungrammatical (grammatical) lecturer.

32. I prepared to study the implication of madness (sanity).  I did this by stating that the University student studied madness (sanity).  First, I stated the University studied her own madness (sanity).  Second, I stated that the University student studied how her madness (sanity) manifested.  Third, I stated that the University student studied the result of her madness (sanity).  In this way, I prepared to study the implication of madness (sanity) by stating that the University student studied madness (sanity).

33. I prepared to compare sex with a panic attack.  I did this by eating the pear.  First, I found the pear tree.  Second, I picked the pear.  Third, I ate the pear.  In this way, I prepared to compare sex with a panic attack by eating the pear.

34. I prepared to study God's (the mistress') work.  I did this by watching the barnacles with the opera glasses.  First, I uncovered the sea shell.  Second, I examined the barnacle on it. Third, I inspected it with the magnifying opera glasses.  In this way, I prepared to study God's (the mistress') work by watching the barnacles with the opera glasses.

35. I prepared to qualify the argument with the reason.  I did this by relating the reason to the argument.  First, I found the seaweed.  Second, I found the artichoke.  Third, I connected them together.  In this way, I prepared to qualify the argument with the reason by relating the reason to the argument.

36. I prepared to explore antiquity.  I did this by narrating slowly.  First, I found the volume of fairy tales.  Second, I selected 'The Twelve Dancing Princesses'.  Third, I narrated it slowly.  In this way, I prepared to explore antiquity by narrating slowly.

37. I prepared to explore the archeological tombs on the disc.  I did this by rewording the sentence as part of exam revision.  First, I wrote the sentence.  Second, I reworded it mentally.  Third, I wrote the reworded sentence.  In this way, I prepared to explore the archeological tombs on the disc by rewording the sentence as part of exam revision.

38. I prepared to go back and insert the cited sentence in my literature review.  I did this by citing the sentence as part of exam revision.  First, I decided against using the sentence.  Second, I found out.  Third, I found out again.  In this way, I prepared to go back and insert the cited sentence in my literature review by citing the sentence as part of exam revision.

39. I prepared to intelligently write down how the mind was thought of.  I did this by drawing the mind map.  First, I found the mind.  Second, I revealed its contents.  Third, I drew a mind map of its contents.  In this way, I prepared to intelligently write down how the mind was thought of by drawing the mind map.

40. I prepared to ingest the Sarkozys.  I did this by writing on the topic.  First, I wrote with you.  Second, I wrote about myself.  Third, I wrote with you and everything in mind.  In this way, I prepared to ingest the Sarkozys by writing on the topic.

41. I prepared to describe the industry.  I did this by stating that I had links with the industry.  First, I described myself.  Second, I noted well the rod size.  Third, I was interested in this fact.  In this way, I prepared to describe the industry by stating that I had links with the industry.

42. I prepared to eat logically.  I did this by stating that I worked collaboratively.  First, I worked online.  Second, I worked on the document.  Third, I collaborated on it with the other person.  In this way, I prepared to eat logically by stating that I worked collaboratively.



"]