["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Course Plan 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Course Plan 3 of 4

21. I prepared to be in heaven (on earth).  I did this by writing the English Chronicles song argument.  First, I wrote my oevre.  Second, I named it the English Chronicles.  Third, I sang about it.  In this way, I prepared to be in heaven (on earth) by writing the English Chronicles song argument.

22. I prepared to engage with the people.  I did this by writing the Father song argument.  First, I got to know people.  Second, I painted them.  Third, I sang to the cello.  In this way, I prepared to engage with the people by writing the Father song argument.

23. I prepared to use my knowledge from my Pedagogy course plan to perform will in subjects that were part of my current course plan.  I did this by writing the First Class Degrees song argument.  First, I noticed the first class degree holders standing in line.  Second, I introduced myself to each of them in turn.  Third, I maintained my sanity.  In this way, I prepared to use my knowledge from my Pedagogy course plan to perform will in subjects that were part of my current course plan by writing the First Class Degrees song argument.

24. I prepared to visit Mars.  I did this by writing the Flamingo song argument.  First, I dyed myself pink.  Second, I visited the space station.  Third, I admitted that I was a tourist.  In this way, I prepared to visit Mars by writing the Flamingo song argument.

25. I prepared to enact myself.  I did this by writing the Footy song argument.  First, I marked the ball.  Second, I passed the ball.  Third, I kicked it.  In this way, I prepared to enact myself by writing the Footy song argument.

26. I prepared to be happy.  I did this by writing the Fussy Huskies song argument.  First, I gave them tofu fishes.  Second, I listened to the question, 'Why are they like real fish?'  Third, I answered they were salty.  In this way, I prepared to be happy by writing the Fussy Huskies song argument.

27. I prepared to be given enough slack.  I did this by writing the God song argument.  First, I sang about God (the facilitator).  Second, I sang about you.  Third, I sang about myself.  In this way, I prepared to be given enough slack by writing the God song argument.

28. I prepared to notice circulation had returned.  I did this by writing the Goodness song argument.  First, I wrote about the goodness in thoughts.  Second, I helped out.  Third, I rescued you.  In this way, I prepared to notice circulation had returned by writing the Goodness song argument.

29. I prepared to be jovial.  I did this by writing the Happiness song argument.  First, I liked you on the school bus.  Second, I myself in the cave.  Third, I liked each participle.  In this way, I prepared to be jovial by writing the Happiness song argument.

30. I prepared to eat out Goonie Burgers.  I did this by writing the Heart song argument.  First, I wrote about the neatness.  Second, I wrote about the sicling (sic).  Third, I wrote about happiness.  In this way, I prepared to eat out Goonie Burgers by writing the Heart song argument.

"]