["Green, L 2021, <i>Laughter for Depression 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Laughter for Depression 1 of 4



1. Laughter is yoga for depression.

Laughing man

1a. I prepared to  deserve you.  I did this by laughing with a positive reason.  First, I remembered the closeness.  Second, I  remembered eating with you.  Third, I laughed over a pun.  In this way, I prepared to  deserve you by laughing with a positive reason.

2. I prepared to make the joke that the prestigious University was interesting.  I did this by laughing at the prestigious University.  First, I earned my undergraduate degree there.  Second, I earned my Honours degree.  Third, I returned there.  In this way, I prepared to make the joke that the prestigious University was interesting by laughing at the prestigious University.

3. I prepared to enjoy myself.  I did this by loving myself.  First, I found myself.  Second, I loved myself.  Third, I pulled my leg.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy myself by loving myself.

4. I prepared to laugh instead of cry.  I did this by liking myself.  First, I found it quickly.  Second, I found myself.  Third, I found the traditional pedagogy school.  In this way, I prepared to laugh instead of cry by liking myself.

5. I prepared to laugh about equality.  I did this by agreeing with the disability worker.  First, I found the disability worker.  Second, I agreed with her.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to laugh about equality by agreeing with the disability worker.

6. I prepared to study at the Academy.  I did this by writing to the Academy.  First, I wrote to the Academy.  Second, I wrote to it's disciples (followers).  Third, I wrote to it's chaplaincies (leaders).  In this way, I I prepared to study at the Academy by writing to the Academy.

7. I prepared to state that the secondary school had no money problems.  I did this by touring the secondary school's Hall of Revenue.  First, I examined the money exhibit.  Second, I examined it's intricate design.  Third, I repeated this at each exhibit.  In this way, I I prepared to state that the secondary school had no money problems by touring the secondary school's Hall of Revenue.

8. I prepared to record my new song.  I did this by hugging the music producer of Anarchy.  First, I entered the recording studio.  Second, I shook the producer's hand.  Third, I hugged him.  In this way, I I prepared to record my new song by hugging the music producer of Anarchy.

9. I prepared to examine critical thinking.  I did this by holding the apple.  First, I picked the apple. Second, I bit it.  Third, I held it.  In this way, I I prepared to examine critical thinking by holding the apple.

10. I prepared to advance to do great things.  I did this by stating that I was valued.  First, I found the value.  Second, I labelled it.  Third, I stated that it was there.  In this way, I prepared to advance to do great things by stating that I was valued.]

"]