["Green, L 2021, <i>Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 4 of 4

31. I prepared to eat the purple carrot.  I did this by finding the rod.  First, I opened the void.  Second, I held the end of the rod.  Third, I removed it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the purple carrot by finding the rod.

32. I prepared to know you ate the vegetable.  I did this by knowing you.  First, I gave you the carrot.  Second, I let you eat it.  Third, I knew you with it.  In this way, I prepared to know you ate the vegetable by knowing you.

33. I prepared to read the minds of others (plan e.g. argue in Conglish).  I did this by helping the child with the character to have pedagogy done for her.  First, I arranged the pedagogies.  Second, I did them for her.  Third, I found her grades. In this way, I prepared to read the minds of others (plan e.g. argue in Conglish) by helping the child with the character to have pedagogy done for her.

34. I prepared to rest before the next day.  I did this by keeping the house warm. First, I performed exercise.  Second, I wore a jumper.  Third, I slept in the soft bed.  In this way, I prepared to rest before the next day by keeping the house warm.

35. I prepared to invite the guests over.  I did this by eating the mince tart.  First, I placed minced apple in the tart.  Second, I placed minced pear in the tart. Third, I placed minced sultanas in the tart.  In this way, I prepared to invite the guests over by eating the mince tart.

36. I prepared to construct the cup.  I did this by dismantling the square prism. First, I removed the top of the square prism.  Second, I removed the sides of the square prism.  Third, I removed the base of the square prism.  In this way, I prepared to construct the cup by dismantling the square prism.

37. I prepared to prevent the 100 year PhD.  I did this by liking you.  First, I confirmed that there should be 100, not 500+ assessable As per Research Masters and PhD assignment chapter.  Second, I stated that this was quick enough.  Third, I stated that this was easy enough.  In this way, I prepared to prevent the 100 year PhD by liking you.

38. I prepared to examine the structure.  I did this by drawing wiring of elderberry. First, I found the wire-like structures in the elderberry.  Second, I connected them together.  Third, I drew the structure.  In this way, I prepared to examine the structure by drawing wiring of elderberry.

39. I prepared to receive my rating as a teacher.  I did this by helping you.  First, I helped you.  Second, I verified your understanding.  Third, I listened to your feedback.  In this way, I prepared to receive my rating as a teacher by helping you.

40. I prepared to refill the bottle.  I did this by drinking from the 'Drink This' bottle.  First, I found the labelled bottle.  Second, I drank from it.  Third, I washed it.  In this way, I prepared to refill the bottle by drinking from the 'Drink This' bottle.

41. I prepared to use the elderberry while it was safe.  I did this by reusing the bottle.  First, I used elderberry every day until I was 55.  Second, I stopped on my 55th birthday.  Third, I stated that this was to prevent my stomach producing cancer cells.  In this way, I prepared to use the elderberry while it was safe by reusing the bottle.

42. I prepared to depict the illustration of the elderberry.  I did this by laughing for elderberry.  First, I found the berry.  Second, I used it as a paste.  Third, I finished the artwork.  In this way, I prepared to depict the illustration of the elderberry by laughing for elderberry.



"]