["Green, L 2021, <i>Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 3 of 4

21. I prepared to lead the pack.  I did this by stating that I am king of the hill.  First, I found the hill.  Second, I stated that I was king of it.  Third, I found followers.  In this way, I prepared to lead the pack by stating that I am king of the hill.

22. I prepared to be happy.  I did this by liking myself.  First, I liked myself as a male character. Second, I liked myself as a female character.  Third, I liked myself as a transsexual character. In this way, I prepared to be happy by liking myself.

23. I prepared to examine the master's life.  I did this by identifying God (the master).  First, I looked in the book of Lords (leaders).  Second, I found the right name.  Third, I looked at the person's face.  In this way, I prepared to examine the master's life by identifying God (the master).

24. I prepared to eat the carrot.  I did this by setting the dome's weather.  First, I set it to 25 degrees.  Second, I set it to rain in the agricultural dome.  Third, I stopped the rain after 20 minutes.  In this way, I prepared to eat the carrot by setting the dome's weather.

25. I prepared to be the fruity professor.  I did this by eating the grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables in a salad bowl.  First, I ate the grain of rice.  Second, I ate the peanut.  Third, I ate the watermelon.  In this way, I prepared to be the fruity professor by eating the grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables in a salad bowl.

26. I prepared to eat the bowl of fruit, in this case oranges.  I did this by verifying that the grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables were fresh.  First, I checked that it was before the use by year. Second, I checked that it was before the use by month.  Third, I checked that it was before the use by day.  In this way, I prepared to eat the bowl of fruit, in this case oranges by verifying that the grains, nuts, fruits and vegetables were fresh.

27. I prepared to eat stewed apple and almond.  I did this by stating that the king agreed with me.  First, I entered the court.  Second, I asked whether the king agreed with me.  Third, I listened to the king agree with me.  In this way, I prepared to eat stewed apple and almond by stating that the king agreed with me.

28. I prepared to eat the vegan pudding.  I did this by stating that the seen-as version was the vegan pudding.  First, I added the green zest.  Second, I added the yellow zest.  Third, I added the red zest.  In this way, I prepared to eat the vegan pudding by stating that the seen-as version was the vegan pudding.

29. I prepared to add peanut sauce.  I did this by making the vegan casserole.  First, I steamed the rice.  Second, I steamed the carrot.  Third, I steamed the beans.  In this way, I prepared to add peanut sauce by making the vegan casserole.

30. I prepared to use the character again.  I did this by counting the character's appearances. First, I counted the character's appearance in the hallway.  Second, I counted the character's appearance in the attic.  Third, I counted the character's appearance in the luna (sic) driveway. In this way, I prepared to use the character again by counting the character's appearances.

"]