["Green, L 2021, <i>Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 1 of 4



1. Eat unprocessed food.

1a. I prepared to be filmed.  I did this by wearing the flower.  First, I chose the pink flower. Second, I attached it to a clip.  Third, I clipped it to my hair.  In this way, I prepared to be filmed by wearing the flower.

2. I prepared to paint over the artwork.  I did this by holding onto Yoko Onoy.  First, I spread the colours of the spectrum.  Second, I did some painting.  Third, I viewed the artwork.  In this way, I prepared to paint over the artwork by holding onto Yoko Onoy.

3. I prepared to write philosophies for inventions.  I did this by laughing with yogis.  First, I found the baby.  Second, I laughed with it.  Third, I loved you.  In this way, I prepared to write philosophies for inventions by laughing with yogis.

4. I prepared to go for a date.  I did this by wanting you and me.  First, I wanted you.  Second, I wanted me.  Third, I wanted us together.  In this way, I prepared to go for a date by wanting you and me.

5. I prepared to ate the grains with vegan salami and salt dishes.  I did this by eating the grains.  First, I peppered them.  Second, I granulated them.  Third, I ate the grains.  In this way, I prepared to ate the grains with vegan salami and salt dishes by eating the grains.

6. I prepared to complete my vegan diet.  I did this by eating the nut.  First, I ate the walnut.  Second, I ate the smoked almond.  Third, I ate the salted cashew.  In this way, I prepared to complete my vegan diet by eating the nut.

7. I prepared to observe the birds eat the regurgitated fruit.  I did this by eating the fruit. First, I ate the apple.  Second, I chewed it carefully.  Third, I finished it lovingly.  In this way, I prepared to observe the birds eat the regurgitated fruit by eating the fruit.

8. I prepared to convert Fe3+ to Fe2+ with vinegar in salad dressing.  I did this by eating the vegetables.  First, I tossed them.  Second, I turned them.  Third, I added salad dressing.  In this way, I prepared to convert Fe3+ to Fe2+ with vinegar in salad dressing by eating the vegetables.

9. I prepared to eat the raw salt.  I did this by feeding my pet spider.  First, I found the spider. Second, I crushed the salt crystal.  Third, I fed it to the spider.  In this way, I prepared to eat the raw salt by feeding my pet spider.

10. I prepared to adorn the architrave.  I did this by picking the jonquil.  First, I walked through the garden.  Second, I saw the jonquil.  Third, I picked it.  In this way, I prepared to adorn the architrave by picking the jonquil.

"]