["Green, L 2021, <i>4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 3 of 4

21.    I prepared to design my gastric juices.  I did this by providing Earth Sciences service as breasonings currency.  First, I helped the Earth.  Second, I designed the pencil carefully.  Third, I lectured the students on it.  In this way, I prepared to design my gastric juices by providing Earth Sciences service as breasonings currency.

22.   I prepared to help my whole body by relaxing.  I did this by providing Economics service as breasonings currency.  First, I bought the glass of water.  Second, I drank it.  Third, I exercised 45 minutes before breakfast.  In this way, I prepared to help my whole body by relaxing by providing Economics service as breasonings currency.

23.    I prepared to read the books.  I did this by providing English Literary Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I noticed the painting.  Second, I noticed the lulang.  Third, I prayed (worked).  In this way, I prepared to read the books by providing English Literary Studies service as breasonings currency.

24.   I prepared to drink next to shell fish carcinogeenan (anti-carcinogen).  I did this by providing English as a Second Language service as breasonings currency.  First, I gave the prince a job.  Second, I laughed with him.  Third, I wrote red herrings.  In this way, I prepared to drink next to shell fish carcinogeenan (anti-carcinogen) by providing English as a Second Language service as breasonings currency.

25.   I prepared to be at the Bve (sic) front.  I did this by providing English Language Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote home.  Second, I deciphered it.  Third, I passed along the nanotubes.  In this way, I prepared to be at the Bve (sic) front by providing English Language Studies service as breasonings currency.

26.   I prepared to eat vegan breakfast.  I did this by providing Communication Skills service as breasonings currency.  First, I admired the captain.  Second, I recommended that he drink the water.  Third, I saw him share the water with his first mate.  In this way, I prepared to eat vegan breakfast by providing Communication Skills service as breasonings currency.

27.   I prepared to enjoy life.  I did this by providing Environmental Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I helped the heptagon.  Second, I examined the pentose sugar.  Third, I split it open to make new DNA.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy life by providing Environmental Studies service as breasonings currency.

28.   I prepared to write a song about the life.  I did this by providing European Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I anticipated the beginning of a new continent in 2016.  Second, I found the parliamentarians.  Third, I shitsued it to pieces.  In this way, I prepared to write a song about the life by providing European Studies service as breasonings currency.

29.   I prepared to asked how he could stand with the cosmologue (philosopher).  I did this by providing French service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the French men.  Second, I asked them to stand up.  Third, I determined that it would remain on Earth with each religion (philosophy).  In this way, I prepared to asked how he could stand with the cosmologue (philosopher) by providing French service as breasonings currency.

30.   I prepared to ask, 'Whose gender is it?'  I did this by providing Gender Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I didn't use animal products.  Second, I had a conversation with two animals with technology.  Third, I determined how to earn 100% and earned it.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'Whose gender is it?' by providing Gender Studies service as breasonings currency.

"]