["Green, L 2021, <i>Nut and Bolt 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Nut and Bolt 2 of 4

11.I prepared to put the rest of the money into the bank account.  I did this by putting school fees into salaries.  First, I set the school fees.  Second, I accepted the school fees.  Third, I placed them into salaries.  In this way, I prepared to put the rest of the money into the bank account by putting school fees into salaries.

12.I prepared to help the next child.  I did this by singing pop goes the weasel.  First, I gave the child A to be conceived.  Second, I noticed the mother.  Third, I noticed the child.  In this way, I prepared to help the next child by singing pop goes the weasel.

13.I prepared to win the literature prize.  I did this by stating that I am intelligent in literature.  First, I wrote on literature.  Second, I wrote on many things.  Third, I wrote for you.  In this way, I prepared to win the literature prize by stating that I am intelligent in literature.

14.I prepared to critically evaluate the Anarchy argument.  I did this by stating that the Anarchy argument was assessable in the school curriculum.  First, I wrote the Anarchy argument about the army.  Second, I verified it.  Third, I assessed students on it.  In this way, I prepared to critically evaluate the Anarchy argument by stating that the Anarchy argument was assessable in the school curriculum.

15.I prepared to not deduct marks, but give the same mark for a mixture of sides.  I did this by awarding one of two sides of the debate the appropriate mark in the Lucianic Marking Scheme.  First, I determined the side that the first sequence of reasons, objections and rebuttals (from conclusion to leftmost terminal child node) was on, where objections must object to the exact reason.  Second, I determined that each sequence was on this side.  Third, I awarded the appropriate mark to the essay.  In this way, I prepared to not deduct marks, but give the same mark for a mixture of sides by awarding one of two sides of the debate the appropriate mark in the Lucianic Marking Scheme.

16.I prepared to become a professor.  I did this by writing that an exposition and critique are necessary for top marks.  First, I wrote that an exposition was necessary for top marks.  Second, I wrote that a critique was necessary for top marks.  Third, I wrote that the critique followed the exposition. In this way, I prepared to become a professor by writing that an exposition and critique are necessary for top marks.

17.I prepared to see where it could lead.  I did this by stating that finding fault (agreeing) in the exposition passed.  First, I identified the disagreeing (agreeing) term.  Second, I decided to pass the essay.  Third, I gave it a good grade.  In this way, I prepared to see where it could lead by stating that finding fault (agreeing) in the exposition passed.

18.I prepared to use the usable funds up.  I did this by receiving capital for a school in the area from a sponsor.  First, I opened a centre for several months which stayed open from months before the school would start.  Second, I applied for financial backing from a potential sponsor.  Third, I received the needed funds.  In this way, I prepared to use the usable funds up by receiving capital for a school in the area from a sponsor.

19.I prepared to ensure that the business survived.  I did this by stating that the centre was wound down to save money.  First, I observed that the centre had not received funds for a week.  Second, I remunerated the staff.  Third, I closed the centre.  In this way, I prepared to ensure that the business survived by stating that the centre was wound down to save money.

20.I prepared to write the essay.  I did this by crediting the author to use a source in Education, given understanding.  First, I sought understanding.  Second, I used the source.  Third, I credited the author.  In this way, I prepared to write the essay by crediting the author to use a source in Education, given understanding.

"]