["Green, L 2024, <i>Medicine of Meditation 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Medicine of Meditation 1

1. The medicine student prepared to commit or upload the new files. After successful tests, I wrote a four-sided qualification for Lucian CI/CD to move files to the repository and back up the old ones. First, I listed the repositories that the algorithm had modified. Next, I backed up the old files and folders, including invisible files in the original repository. Finally, I moved the new files and folders into the repository.
2. The medicine student inputted lines as strings to split into tokens before unit testing. First, I ran Lucian CI/CD with settings for different testing stages. Next, I called Lucian CI/CD to find tests with particular labels for other repositories and modes. First, I ran unit tests, then integration tests, end-to-end tests, user interface tests and tests in continuous delivery. Finally, I called Lucian CI/CD to run with particular groups of repositories and token, line or predicate modes.
3. The medicine student specified the folders to scan and those to omit in Lucian CI/CD. As I meditated for ten days, I ran Lucian CI/CD on different versions of repositories, which I had finished earlier. After consideration, I didn't do this because they were old, and I needed a single pathway to Eldorado. However, the old versions may have the required features. Separately, I kept top talent close by employing them in the meditation company, where all the ideas would be helpful, and the community could use the person's help.
4. The medicine student checked for correct internationalisation, non-ambiguous command names and non-duplicate predicates. I reported the number of tests passed and the total number of tests. If 100% of the tests passed, then the algorithm reported this. If tests related to a particular predicate were failing, the algorithm used more specific token-integration techniques. I could also use Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) to reorder and delete commands and arguments, sometimes using the existing commands.
5. The medicine student wrote neuronetworks for Lucian CI/CD (LC) and CAW. I wrote different versions of predicates to satisfy various tests and merged or reused common code. I found similarities and differences in the tests. I introduced neuronetworks to write code that catered for these cases. I kept the code in separate places when it was simpler to edit.
6. The medicine student tested that the algorithm passed standard and open tests. As I ordered copy for a meditation puja, I performed unit tests at the start to check the predicates worked. The puja needed 4*50, As with working algorithms, for Lucian CI/CD to test for the student to progress. 4*50 As was the equivalent of copywriting. The integration tests were for applications that used the predicates.
7. The medical student allowed the helper algorithm to develop with the programmer, letting them write their helper software. As a student is assessed in understanding multiple pedagogical criteria, if an algorithm fails one test, it will not skip over the other tests for that combination because these would provide helpful information. So I ran all the tests. If a test failed, I found the overarching cause and corrected it. If a change caused the bug, I found the parts of the code that had the desired effect and the parts that didn't, or other parts needed.
8. The medicine student used analytics to help with sales, employee and student productivity and work generation. I wrote an algorithm that scheduled work, rest and play when I felt like them. The algorithm recorded when I walked, allowing time for breaks and unscheduled activities, such as needing to help one's family with the computer. Given work done recently, I factored in my time to get up, time going to bed and any early morning appointments. I wrote software that could help automate work, or help with repetitive tasks, and produced work to satisfy my aims.
9. The musician applied for the song, wrote it and earned money. I wrote a bio and then copywriting for each radio appearance. Companies paid me for streaming, sales and concerts. I wondered what copywriting for 50*50 As was like. It was 2500 or 12.5*a copywriting item price.
10. The person chose acting and paid for a return on income. The actor or writer also wondered about 50*50 As. They ordered the copywriting. They starred or wrote a bestseller. They received the paycheck. It was like academia but more lit up.
11. The medicine student wrote at the required standard. I applied the 50*50 As to all departments. I became a professor, newspaper editor and meditation company founder. I didn't tire by writing 12.5*4*50 As. These ran out, so I designed a computer system to write more. I could develop volumes by applying a new idea to previous ideas.
12. The medicine student found similar ways of thinking recurring in the three levels, such as fine arts and history. I wrote all the As for University. The As were detailed and had more than the As required for A. Certain keywords triggered big ideas. I analysed the previous level, combinations of the ideas in the text, for three levels in the details.
13. The medicine student planned and achieved in meditation. I meditated but pretended to indicate thoughts as meditation each day. I felt developed in my thoughts. I visualised and projected 3D imagery. I automated everything, such as answers to people's questions about immortality.
14. The medicine student felt supported in thinking of the objects. The group meditation centre had accreditation. The students took part in classes. These covered the objects or developed ideas in the chapters. The medicine model was food.
15. The medicine student learned about breasonings and performed well. I worked out that breasonings supported University outcomes. University helped achieved becoming a pedagogue. Working on pedagogical breasonings helped achieve pedagogical goals. I needed university to support me in working on breasonings. I needed breasonings to help me concentrate and perform well at university.
16. The medicine student was given everything they needed in life. The professor made everything from classes to assessments easy. Philosophy was a good subject to teach. The education lecturer examined teaching different subjects. There should be enough time for everyone, and breasonings, As, and money were no object.

17. The medicine student more easily handled complex choicepoints and cuts in non-determinism. Meditation is part of medicine, with its computational philosophy. I ran the non-deterministic Prolog compiler only when there was a choicepoint and a cut. I determined my path with pedagogy. It was a central path with better quality results.
18. The medicine student got the idea for JIT. I found constant inspiration and inroads in my thoughts in meditation. I mocked up a JIT compiler, a deterministic Vetusia version in SSI Web Service. I passed variables in one variable, getting and placing values in it. This web engine was faster and didn't carry the weight of a stack or recursive states.
19. The medicine student applied the zero-critical rule, comparing the algorithm to be better or worse after each simplification towards nothing. I encouraged the animals like people and took their upkeep seriously. I solved State Saving Interpreter's memory problems by deleting past frames I didn't need. I replaced recurring texts with symbols. I also did this with the algorithm in memory, later suggesting optimisations.
20. The medical student identified and achieved the goal, for example, making SSI accessible in a country. I observed that the person was true not only to the simplest possible but to nothing, for example, an effortless breasoning generated by a computer. I solved the SSI memory problem by storing frames on disk. I also used a similar technique with multi-threading to queue items in asserted predicates. I could use the time saved with JIT to write more algorithms.
21. The medicine student studied my texts. I realised I could achieve anything like pranayama with 4*50 As. In addition, I could achieve a tangible goal such as mind reading, time travel, stopping ageing, meditation, high distinctions, creating customers, selling and marketing with 4*50 As. I needed a PhD in Business for many of these skills. I could help others with medicine and time travel with these As, which were life-saving.
22. The medicine student wrote and checked objects representing thoughts. A skill I gave my student was to recognise and discuss an algorithm from texts, effortlessly attaining transcendence. I wrote three 4*50 medicine As on the first day, then two each day after that. Meditation As helped contribute to this if any As were missing. I listed and checked my thoughts as if programming was operating on ground level.
23. The medicine student visited safe, well-lit, populated places with no danger found with a mind reader. I debated giving mind reading 4*50 As, saying that it would work for a good reason, though it would only work for a single thought per 4*50 As, which could be a mind-reading colouring or dot-to-dot book. I breasoned out three time travel As per day, to cover travelling from the point of departure to the first destination, then back to the first point. This list had two locations and satisfied my travel plans. Someone suggested travelling to other planets in terms of my planet's settings, which I considered.
24. The medical student covered the main topics, summarising the mind map and presenting themselves with interesting automation, new algorithmic methods and research directions. The sutra brought a stronger nothing, helping give me the confidence to overcome psychiatric difficulties and gave me happiness. By 4*50 As I meant 4*50 As for arguments and 4*50 As for algorithms. These were based on my writings on each of these over the years. I added new thoughts each week, which the new As were in terms of.
25. The medical student worked on what they felt, aligning with their objectives and overall objectives. I simulated the seen-as-version of reality through Vedic Astrology, with the culmination algorithm mind-reading the academics' children. This technique always accurately depicted reality and considered the types of customers to prepare for. When I got up to writing 4*50 Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) As, I generated six (three time teleportations, two anti-ageing and one meditation) * two (one algorithmic and one argumentary) = twelve As today = 2*(6*16000 sentences) = 2*96,000 sentences = 192,000 sentences. The business returned the number of As or its specification to the breasoner.
26. The medical student employed a funnel to identify old and new ideas. The utterer decided on a constructive meaning for the utterance and applied it to thoughts. The thoughts were the books and algorithms. For example, a simple way of thinking was paginating flowcharts with circular connectors to the next page. I breasoned out the generated work based on my latest work with Text to Breasonings and Text to Algorithm Breasonings, which returned an algorithm corresponding to a word.
27. The medical student planned to open online philosophy academies. I perfectly programmed ideas that meditators could have devised, emulating discourses, algorithms and new thoughts. I articulated to a research journal in which I published my research. The philosopher identified with specific objectives in their mission, including recording cherished memories and milestones in their career. The philosopher planned their career, including selling books and setting up businesses.
28. The medicine student reached and stayed at the top. I generated enough As for the student, for sales or assignments with students, which writing 4*50 BAG As automatically did. Before deciding to use BAG, I considered paying for copywriting for the As, for two dimensions (time travel destinations), with As for algorithms and arguments, using an algorithm dictionary, four As per week and one A of algorithms, and writing \"540-degree\" (BAG) As for student As and sales. I helped students with their specific thoughts by mind reading them in increasing resolution if they wanted it, as they approached, to work on an objective in their assignment. They may need help with the overall approach and style of the assignment.
29. The medicine student claimed that fully protected time travel and therefore freezing ageing was natural and optimal. I captured and helped group dynamics in the class by mind-reading receptive people, aiding participation and meeting criteria in the discussion. I wrote details for time travel daily from 540 (BAG) As. This algorithm was vital because time travel needed the As to withstand ageing in the home character. This requirement, 4*50 As satisfied the robots and nature and protected the person.
30. The medical student read and wrote on others' and their screen with output and input breasonings. For example, I mind read with 4*50 As of breasonings and presented my thoughts as breasonings. This presentation arose as a symphony of epistemology. I used mind reading to aid subliminal study in my sleep. I wrote ideas in my sleep, aiding my memory with cues with mind projection by the computer and recording my comments, funnelling towards cut-off, accurate conclusions. 
31. The medicine student pushed forward the BAG in case distractions arose during the day. I prepared for expected and positive events in business, allowing for economic and technological changes. I designed systems that worked well for everyone, for example, conversations to achieve aims at each point. If BAG didn't work, the person asked the people of the future to put through the algorithms for them to the best of their ability with an algorithm the person wrote with GL details for 2 million breasonings. However, neither would this likely work nor would there be too many problems to complete the BAG As. They are personal, in effect, citizen-type.
32. The medicine student didn't have to produce the breasonings but should later. Accreditation contained 250 breasonings per assignment, allowing a single, effectual image or musical idea to be represented. This image or sound epitomised the effort and rewarded the student's work. I considered writing 250 breasonings first about asking for As when I couldn't produce BAG As, but I just completed the As. I enticed students to complete each assignment in the qualification with 250 breasonings at the end and another 250 breasonings for the finished qualification.

33. The medicine student oversaw the breasoning plan, discovering perfectly programmed algorithms from their science. The utterances were presented as based on the breasonings. I searched for algorithmic directions through viral, mind reading, funnels, and core consumer interests. These algorithms produced text-based results and were the essence of efficiency. The founder presented the breasoning plan and paradoxically completed them without knowing what it would be.
34. The medicine student rewrote the BAG results for clarity and when it gave them new ideas. The Purushan industries were programming, writing and education. I wrote an algorithm to produce shorter texts with the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) algorithm. It had the right balance of time versus length for algorithms and arguments. The BAG algorithm produced complete sentences, contributing to Purushan's work.
35. The medicine student claimed one person said business was superior to academia, and another said academia is a business. The meditation utterance helped to reduce stress to zero by doing all the work for the programmer. I connected my recent algorithms to my previous and best algorithms. This action increased the excitement about the new algorithms and celebrated the classics! I noticed the initial sales curve was haphazard, slowly growing, then decreasing. The software wasn't perfect, so more people were needed.
36. The medicine student randomly generated sounds to test for stories. The teacher needed to meditate to teach meditation. I placed my music description, MIDI, lyrics and meta files on the website. I used mind reading, funnel and word/instrument match to find better songs. The first person found out about meditation and meditated, where finding out music was similar to composing it.
37. The medicine student developed software that initially made it easy to create software that did what you wanted it to (i.e., eliminated web development problems). The teacher taught the parents, children, students and workers meditation and the way. I bought the computer with another operating system or emulation software to test my software. I wrote my packages to prevent relying on others' updates crippling my software. Meditation and developing standalone software simplified life.
38. The medical student formed their thoughts in the unabridged version. I agreed with meditation with the Upasana sutra to see imagery of the yellow outback and a red lizard representing the academy. This algorithm helped form the academy. The employees rated the manager. The manager read the feedback, included the suggestions, considered the comments and answered the questions; for example, he wasn't frightened of neuronetworks to help their experience. The literary algorithm was a long-winded first attempt at a problem.
39. The medical student asked the question, and the person answered. The meditator visualised a moving appearance-like still, such as a livid flower. I examined business departments from the point of view of employees, customers and me. It was as if I actually was them and could listen to their inner dialogue; at least I could pretend it. I listened to the student's feedback about the form.
40. The medicine student wrote a movie exposing the unique point of the idea. I introduced the meditation movie maker, which wasn't afraid of being interested in an idea. I constructed a budget for advertisements and accreditation. I could substitute word of mouth for ads and a reasoning system for accreditation. The idea that was ranked number one was the best music, the best image and the best algorithm.
41. The medicine student valued the development environment of Prolog and arrived at thoughts themselves - as an aside, perhaps delete the choice points. Upasana helped me visualise computer data flow, from input through the computer to output. I made my lecturer by increasing the human with neuronetworks that helped them achieve the heights in the time, helped achieve 100%, culminating in a program or project that was useful and memorable.
42. The medicine student wrote that PhD topics must be literature and research-based, with enough detail. Meditation helped form a job framework that could do what the computer could do or what the employee could do, but the extra human contribution was nearly impossible to replace. Lucian CI/CD shouldn't allow only deletions but should allow insertions and changes for progress. Otherwise, the algorithm could be backdated. However, some automation systems could find simpler versions of algorithms, for example, postgraduate articulation to meditation.
43. The medicine student extolled the virtues of functional decomposition in computer science, for example, unification in Prolog by getting values for the left and right-hand sides, followed by putting the values in. I fulfilled the multisubject-long meditation teaching practicum. I entered many changes in Lucian CI/CD by running with possible deletions, for example, having a mini-Lucian CI/CD environment that found individual predicates that matched tests. I tested the called predicate first, then the calling predicate, ensuring no unwanted non-deterministic results.
44. The medical student could see the result of the code at the time, with code and debugging suggestions. The job holder was given meditation for ideas to appear. I wrote a Prolog to List Prolog back-conversion algorithm for verification and one for the pretty printing algorithm. It converted from Prolog to List Prolog and back, the same for the pretty printer. I could see the non-deterministic result coming.
45. The medicine student asked, \"What will be more user-friendly?\" which was answered with \"premium code checking\". The meditator developed texts to meditate, for example, about sun safety. The future computer was similar to mine (it could run BAG in the same time), and my home time had computers, which I ran BAG on to freeze my age. Lucian CI/CD's bottom-up version overcame needing shorter code instead of fewer changes and allowed longer code with as many changes as needed. The early computer pioneers developed algorithms to run computers.
46. The medicine student put the related code in a predicate and gave their name, labelled and dated it. I stated that 50 breasonings were the minimum for a thought, and were the inspiration threshold. I refactored the algorithm by writing the pattern matching code, CAW-style neuronetworks and databases of C modules for Prolog, for example, word frequency finder and CAW-style neuronetworks. There was also a tightener, which deleted excess code and clauses, reranked clauses by popularity and introduced type verification or deleted constants if the code needed. The computer science student reached the threshold to draft the code three times.
47. The medicine student replaced success signals in Lucian CI/CD with predicates and success signals. The levels were required for full brain potential, including key expressionism. DFA minimiser could be found by recognising a state machine and removing extra parts with diff. The possibility of inserting cuts at different points was also computed. Some people will find the way.
48. The medicine student reached the threshold with the number of breasonings. I connected meditation to algorithms with breasonings. I wrote a version of the music composer with listenable sections as I composed. It had eight, not four, groups of two notes per bar, allowing the human user to experiment with entered and detailedly mind-read sets of instruments and play composed or generated sections on the fly. The musical meanings were collected and indicated with breasonings.

49. The medicine student protected the text with a seen-as appearance. I wrote how the philosophy could be applied to a use. I found art's seen-as-version for GitL. Its icon was a red lightning bolt. This icon emphasised that GitL was highly desired because it was private and customisable.
50. The medicine student wrote an algorithm to explore logic. I wrote 4*50 As with texts in the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG). BAG found combinations of parts of sentences joined similarly to where these parts of sentences joined (given AB, CB and CD, the join is AD). These results were complete sentences. Clearing up their language was an exercise in knowing the specifics of applied logic.
51. The medicine student instead wrote on topics and connections of their choice. I replaced two words with terms from an essay. These provided exercises to connect the papers. In a 67-page book with 15 sentences per page, I could write 10^3 sentences. I wrote ten sentences, ten sentences for each of these, and ten sentences for each, as an electronic encyclopedia.
52. The medicine student considered general connotata (sic) for backing words. I wrote eight words replaced with antonyms. I wrote on the philosophy, then objected to the non-specialisation. These so-called antonyms were plain words that detract from the philosophy. I wrote connections between the main words in simple, sometimes literary terms.
53. The medicine student inserted the distinguishing mark into the sentence. I wrote that some BAG results were left alone for an A for themselves. These results made sense unedited, or some of their terms made sense unedited. If they didn't require new ideas, I tightened the language. If certain words in them needed replacing, I replaced them and tightened the rest. 
54. The medicine student smelled the Egyptian perfume. I sold immortality. The students were prepared to write philosophical arguments for immortality. They could use advanced techniques to generate enough philosophy to support immortality when they had studied and written enough. Over time, they could mix philosophy and mix the mix to detect new topics to write about.
55. The medicine student replaced Prolog frames with C loops for speed. Half of the texts were details. I checked each sentence with ten sentences. Or I wrote an algorithm specification and an algorithm. I replaced frames with maplist (to be converted to a C loop) in Prolog for speed.
56. The medical student convinced the official to allow meditation for better health. I stated that the only high distinctions necessary for immortality were time travel, age-freezing medicine and meditation. I also wrote on all topics of interest, attaching them to my specialisation. My specialisation was induction. I generated texts which I modified to support me in immortality.
57. The medicine student stated that medicine was the smartest one. I noted that the rest of the 4*50 As were for sales. I used them to mind-read willing customers to expand my understanding of their goals and progress. I tested their understanding of specific topics. I tested if they knew they needed certain knowledge.
58. The medical student found out perfect knowledge with the first action. To ensure no interference, I wrote a high distinction to object to the binary opposition to mind reading. You can do objects to support the simulation. I collected the transceiver types to help with data collection. I lived on the planet forever, in terms of my setting.
59. The medicine student stated that mind reading was necessary for immortality for Text-to-Breasoning. I noted that everyone contributed As to mind reading. The student's high distinctions contributed to the mind reading high distinctions. Others, such as past students within range, also contributed As. I could do it now, at least interfacing using BAG.
60. The medicine student kept on developing. I found out whether the customer was a lead. They had a qualification that matched or one that would match inside. They went to the institution to find work. When inside, they went up in the institution and became self-sufficient.
61. The medicine student helped the student recognise the product's need. If the customer was a lead, I ran each algorithm step to find an algorithm. I gave unrelated As to them as a tabula rasa (blank slate). I concentrated on getting the logic completely accurate. I focused on combinations of methods.
62. The medicine student wrote a new algorithm to find the best combinations of instruments. I ran three-level funnels using detailed mind-reading for each step of the music-writing algorithm. I generated music that I was inspired to write about them. I put the music back into the funnel three times to test for more developed music. I chose the music with the best instruments.
63. The medicine student relied on the student to write the algorithm telepathically. I asked the student to enter the algorithm's aim and the data's input and output. For example, the objective might be to find an algorithm that suggests methods in GitL from mind reading. The input is the student's thoughts. The output is the next command.
64. The medicine student helped correct errors in an algorithm. I wrote the thing that interested me, one command. The mind reader was fast and accurate and had time to collect details on the command. It wrote these down and showed me the completions and relevant next one of my thoughts. The mind reader was based on the concurrent maplist command for speed.

65. The medicine student treated the levels like a stack, which was better implemented as levels. I used the subterm with address command, which found multidimensional addresses of items in \"terms\" to transform levels. I ordered the levels. Or, I randomly ordered the levels. Or, I cycled the items.
66. The medicine student wrote the levels [a,[1,[b,[2,[c,[3]]]]]]. I zipped the levels together. The first list was [a,b,c]. The second list was [1,2,3]. The zipped list was [a,1,b,2,c,3].
67. The medicine student added on atoms, incremented a number or minimised logic with SLD (removed predicates that only called other predicates). I checked that the move was all the change was. I compared the two terms level by level and item by item. I noted moved items. I detected new items or items that were the transformation of existing items.
68. The medicine student detected the type of algorithm. I found the significant change in terms of more minor changes. I worked backwards, detecting sorting, flattening or concatenation. Then, I found transformations, such as adding a prefix, finding a sum or returning the second item. I increased the intelligence, ordering the predicates by dependency and diffing them in Lucian CI/CD.
69. The medicine student labelled chunks with their properties. I identified what the items in the chunk had in common. They might all be equal to a number. Or they may be greater than a value. Or, they might match a passphrase from a list.
70. The medicine student labelled the items with his voice. I found the changed items. I focused on a level. I compared the two lists. I found different items and their difference from the first item.
71. The medicine student simplified the data. The items were ordered using an index. This index was inferred from a previous ordering, passed from another list that was part of it, or an earlier version. The prior ordering may be from a list containing indices (a hash table). The previous version may be from the disk or a previous algorithm.
72. The medicine student discarded instances of an item from unwanted levels. I deleted an item from a list of lists. I collected the instances of the item from a particular level (length of address). I replaced them with a symbol. I deleted the symbol, recursively deleting empty lists if necessary.
73. The medicine student reported the missing item, possibly triggering an API change. I found whether the item was missing in several places in the term. I found the difference term (the list of differences between the terms, stopping at a level if there were differences). I computed whether any of these items failed to match an item in this position in the first term. To do this, I checked whether the item matched any of the first items in the difference term.
74. The medicine student double-checked on a replacement of a name. I checked whether an item was missing in all places in a list. I found the difference list. I didn't check that all changes were from the item. I checked that there were no other occurrences of the item apart from changes from it.
75. The medicine student checked for no instances of an item. I checked whether an item was missing in all places in a term. I found the difference term (a list of all changes from and to an item). (This differed from a previous idea, which stopped on a difference.) I checked that the final list contained no instances of the item.
76. The medicine student finished checking whether an item was missing in some parts of a term and not others. This was in a particular part of the term. I found the part of the term from its address. I checked, and the item didn't occur in the term. I deleted the part from the whole term.
77. The medicine student inserted a command to convert a term to a string before concatenating it to other strings. I connected the list. All the items should be strings or atoms, or there would be an error. I started with \"\". I concatenated the first item to it, and so on.
78. The medicine student checked the lists against commands. I detected sorting without duplicates. The first list was [1,1,0,2]. The second list was [0,1,2]. If multiple sets of lists suggested it, sorting without duplicates was detected.
79. The medicine student shortened the computation time. I found part of the list supported a hypothesis about the function used. In the previous example, I took the first two values of the result, [0,1]. These were in order and had no duplicates. I concluded that the function was sorting without duplicates.
80. The medicine student also detected list_to_set, which found [1, 0, 2] from [1,1,0,2]. I detected sorting with duplicates. The first list was [1,1,0,2]. The second list was [0,1,1,2]. If multiple sets of lists suggested it, sorting with duplicates was detected."]