["Green, L 2021, <i>Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Grains, Nuts, Fruits and Vegetables 2 of 4

11. I prepared to walk outside.  I did this by wearing the scarf around my head as protection from the sun.  First, I wrapped the scarf around the back of my head.  Second, I wrapped it around the front of my neck.  Third, I tucked it in.  In this way, I prepared to walk outside by wearing the scarf around my head as protection from the sun.

12. I prepared to send the money to Cambodia.  I did this by organising a play.  First, I studied theatre studies.  Second, I wrote the play.  Third, I rehearsed and performed the play.  In this way, I prepared to send the money to Cambodia by organising a play.

13. I prepared to take my place in the universe.  I did this by observing the universe.  First, I took a photograph of the universe.  Second, I examined it.  Third, I stated that I was in a certain location in the universe.  In this way, I prepared to take my place in the universe by observing the universe.

14. I prepared to increase science.  I did this by helping the scientists.  First, I determined the technique.  Second, I researched that it worked.  Third, I wrote the algorithm for the technique. In this way, I prepared to increase science by helping the scientists.

15. I prepared to confirm the health indicator by eating well.  I did this by writing about predictions in literature.  First, I predicted that taking what I needed worked.  Second, I took what I needed.  Third, I researched that this worked.  In this way, I prepared to confirm the health indicator by eating well by writing about predictions in literature.

16. I prepared to walk along the street.  I did this by designing the rocket for the rocket powered man.  First, I held the cardboard roll.  Second, I walked along.  Third, I stopped walking when I had reached my destination.  In this way, I prepared to walk along the street by designing the rocket for the rocket powered man.

17. I prepared to entreat (urge) the troll (person) to be positive.  I did this by disseminating the troll (agreed with positivity).  First, I agreed with the first positive statement.  Second, I agreed with the second positive statement.  Third, I agreed with the third positive statement.  In this way, I prepared to entreat (urge) the troll (person) to be positive by disseminating the troll (agreed with positivity).

18. I prepared to hold you close.  I did this by loving you.  First, I held the heart.  Second, I skewered you with it.  Third, I loved you 'till the day you died and a day.  In this way, I prepared to hold you close by loving you.

19. I prepared to be on the Internet's side.  I did this by encouraging the Internet.  First, I found the first Internet site and encouraged it.  Second, I prepared to repeat this for the next Internet site.  Third, I repeated this for each of the listed Internet sites.  In this way, I prepared to be on the Internet's side by encouraging the Internet.

20. I prepared to be a leader.  I did this by stating that I am the person around here.  First, I bought the computer to work without paper.  Second, I worked on it.  Third, I worked with similar people.  In this way, I prepared to be a leader by stating that I am the person around here.

"]