["Green, L 2021, <i>Nut and Bolt 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Nut and Bolt 4 of 4

31.I prepared to help the child to heaven (goodness) on earth.  I did this by changing the goat's physiology.  First, I meditated (wrote) with the child.  Second, I changed the child's physiology.  Third, I protected him.  In this way, I prepared to help the child to heaven (goodness) on earth by changing the goat's physiology.

32.I prepared to think of the head of state idea by thinking of the nut and bolt idea.  I did this by noting that the country had a federal election.  First, I noticed that the head of state was in the country.  Second, I unscrewed the nut from the bolt.  Third, I screwed the nut onto the bolt.  In this way, I prepared to think of the head of state idea by thinking of the nut and bolt idea by noting that the country had a federal election.

33.I prepared to help with the leadership prolegomenon.  I did this by stating that I am at top level.  First, I reached the top of philosophy.  Second, I wrote about the royal leaders.  Third, I was the leader.  In this way, I prepared to help with the leadership prolegomenon by stating that I am at top level.

34.I prepared to mention statistical knowledge bases.  I did this by knowing of the fact by fiat.  First, I rose to a position of power.  Second, I meditated on (wrote) the fact.  Third, I verified the fact.  In this way, I prepared to mention statistical knowledge bases by knowing of the fact by fiat.

35.I prepared to translate the idea.  I did this by earning high grades in the foreign language.  First, I read the vocabulary.  Second, I wrote down mnemonics about their parts.  Third, I knew it was good.  In this way, I prepared to translate the idea by earning high grades in the foreign language.

36.I prepared to storyboard the script.  I did this by writing a story for my foreign-language speaking friend.  First, I wrote the story.  Second, I helped my foreign-language speaking friend understand it in my language.  Third, I discussed the ending with her.  In this way, I prepared to storyboard the script by writing a story for my foreign-language speaking friend.

37.I prepared to store water in my stomach.  I did this by drinking from the water.  First, I poured the glass from the carafe of water.  Second, I lifted the glass to my lips.  Third, I drank the glass of water.  In this way, I prepared to store water in my stomach by drinking from the water.

38.I prepared to jump up at the end.  I did this by playing Ring-around-the-rosy.  First, I asked, 'What's that?'  Second, I played the Ring-around-the-rosy game.  Third, I sat down.  In this way, I prepared to jump up at the end by playing Ring-around-the-rosy.

39.I prepared to say 132 was the same in both cases.  I did this by writing that tyranny disappeared so that the nut and bolt glue together when a degree is completed.  First, I wrote that tyranny disappeared.  Second, I wrote that the degree is completed.  Third, I read that the nut and bolt glued together.  In this way, I prepared to say 132 was the same in both cases by writing that tyranny disappeared so that the nut and bolt glue together when a degree is completed.

40.I prepared to think of philosophy.  I did this by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness before death.  First, I read Regan was interested in Peach OST.  Second, I wrote that's where the famousness was coming from.  Third, I read the blog.  In this way, I prepared to think of philosophy by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness before death.

41.I prepared to connect to the sons' famousness.  I did this by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness at death.  First, I read about the first son.  Second, I read about the second son.  Third, I read about the third son.  In this way, I prepared to connect to the sons' famousness by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness at death.

42.I prepared to read cosmology.  I did this by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness after death.  First, I sing about the base level songs.  Second, I sang about Computational English.  Third, I planned to to produce the most popular songs that I had posted on the lyrics website.  In this way, I prepared to read cosmology by connecting the nut to the bolt with 50 As for famousness after death.



"]