["Green, L 2021, <i>Brain II 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Brain II 1 of 4



1. The meditator's brain is supported with a second argument.

1a.    I prepared to go to the big loop. First, I looked at the gymcana. Second, I sat on a pony. Third, I rocked on. In this way, I prepared to go to the big loop.

2.    I prepared to light up everything. First, I walked on the carpet. Second, I found the wall. Third, my finger found the plastic switch housing. In this way, I prepared to light up everything.

3.    I prepared to find my car in the street. First, I lit the candle in the cellar. Second, I found the correct table. Third, I sat down on the seat. In this way, I prepared to find my car in the street by turning the brain light on.

4.    I prepared to make a model in Medicine. First, I examined the frontal lobe. Second, I measured the temporal lobe. Third, I compared the sizes of the parietal lobes. In this way, I prepared to make a model in Medicine by admiring the brain.

5.    I prepared to create the brain cells group. First, I created the cell body. Second, I attached the axon. Third, I massaged on the dendrite. In this way, I prepared to create the brain cells group.

6.    I prepared to go swimming. First, I swam next to the coral. Second, I felt the shoal. Third, I discovered the school of fish. In this way, I prepared to go swimming. I did this by finding the fish.

7.    I prepared to net the sea weed. I did this by placing the net in the water. First, I held the net handle. Second, I dipped it in the water. Third, I scooped out the red sea weed. In this way, I prepared to net the sea weed by placing the net in the water.

8.    I prepared to leave the water. First, I found the edge of the water. Second, I hauled myself onto the rim. Third, I stood next to the diving board. In this way, I prepared to leave the water. I did this by copying...

9.    I prepared to earn the scholarship. First, I answered the first question correctly. Second, I prepared to answer the next question correctly. Third, I repeated this until I had answered all the questions correctly. In this way, I prepared to earn the scholarship.

10.    I prepared to study the topic. First, I wrote down the topic. Second, I read the index. Third, I found the page number. In this way, I prepared to study the topic.

"]