["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Course Plan 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Course Plan 4 of 4

31. I prepared to greet the Chemical Cascade player.  I did this by writing the Hello song argument.  First, I wrote about the fat lady's copy of the song.  Second, I wrote about meditation (philosophy).  Third, I wrote about green grass blades.  In this way, I prepared to greet the Chemical Cascade player by writing the Hello song argument.

32. I prepared to like the carnelian mineral.  I did this by writing the Hey Carnelian song argument.  First, I apologised to the scout.  Second, I take fame.  Third, I take fortune.  In this way, I prepared to like the carnelian mineral by writing the Hey Carnelian song argument.

33. I prepared to perform enough work.  I did this by writing the Hey, Adult School song argument.  First, I wrote about the adult computer class school.  Second, I applied for a job there.  Third, I made it.  In this way, I prepared to perform enough work by writing the Hey, Adult School song argument.

34. I prepared to devise a plan to be the best in the world.  I did this by writing the Hey, Speaker song argument.  First, I wrote about town.  Second, I applied for a good job.  Third, I earned it.  In this way, I prepared to devise a plan to be the best in the world by writing the Hey, Speaker song argument.

35. I prepared to ask, 'What's on what?'  I did this by writing the High School Song song argument.  First, I wrote about the hibiscuses.  Second, I wrote about Ness.  Third, I wrote about the Bolshoi.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'What's on what?' by writing the High School Song song argument.

36. I prepared to endorse nationalism.  I did this by writing the I am a Teacher song argument.  First, I helped the student with the assignment.  Second, I liked your warthogs.  Third, I like the Shevardnadzes.  In this way, I prepared to endorse nationalism by writing the I am a Teacher song argument.

37. I prepared to state, 'Yes, I want to do it'.  I did this by writing the I Am Not A Peach song argument.  First, I analysed the tinge.  Second, I wrote the song.  Third, I determined whether it would perform well.  In this way, I prepared to state, 'Yes, I want to do it' by writing the I Am Not A Peach song argument.

38. I prepared to state, 'That's the song'.  I did this by writing the I Live Inside the Guitar song argument.  First, I wrote that I lived inside the giant guitar.  Second, I played the strings.  Third, I listened to the music at different positions.  In this way, I prepared to state, 'That's the song' by writing the I Live Inside the Guitar song argument.

39. I prepared to be a spiritual geneticist.  I did this by writing the I Want to be a Geneticist song argument.  First, I wrote about planning my career.  Second, I enjoyed playing a song about it on the harpsichord.  Third, I meditated (thought) to change the genes.  In this way, I prepared to be a spiritual geneticist by writing the I Want to be a Geneticist song argument.

40. I prepared to lead the way.  I did this by writing the I Want To Be A Peach song argument.  First, I wrote about the peach.  Second, I wrote about the rod.  Third, I cut it with it.  In this way, I prepared to lead the way by writing the I Want To Be A Peach song argument.

41. I prepared to write the arrangement.  I did this by writing the I Want To Write A Pop Song argument.  First, I wrote about the complex pop.  Second, I wrote about the two rods.  Third, I wrote about them.  In this way, I prepared to write the arrangement by writing the I Want To Write A Pop Song argument.

42. I prepared to be born.  I did this by writing the I Want You song argument.  First, I listened to the song in a dream-like state.  Second, I helped Mummy.  Third, I helped Karen.  In this way, I prepared to be born by writing the I Want You song argument.


"]