["Green, L 2021, <i>Go to Bed at 9-30 PM 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Go to Bed at 9:30 PM 3 of 4

21. I prepared to produce at a rate of 33.15 chapters per essay.  I did this by identifying my goals in 5 years, 1 year, and 4 weeks.  First, I wrote 21.66 essays in 5 years.  Second, I wrote 4.33 essays in 1 year.  Third, I wrote 0.33 essays in 4 weeks.  In this way, I prepared to I prepared to produce at a rate of 33.15 chapters per essay by identifying my goals in 5 years, 1 year, and 4 weeks.

22. I prepared to complete the discuses assignments.  I did this by completing assignment questions with the skills from the academic skills unit workshop on assignments.  First, I worked out how the skills were working.  Second, I discovered more and more.  Third, I knew about discuses.  In this way, I prepared to complete the discuses assignments by completing assignment questions with the skills from the academic skills unit workshop on assignments.

23. I prepared to remain happy.  I did this by combating feeling stressed with a personal counsellor.  First, I found the path.  Second, I walked on it.  Third, I stopped at the destination.  In this way, I prepared to remain happy by combating feeling stressed with a personal counsellor.

24. I prepared to be helped.  I did this by managing my time.  First, I wrote about managing.  Second, I wrote about the time.  Third, I wrote about managing my time.  In this way, I prepared to be helped by managing my time.

25. I prepared do nothing.  I did this by writing that 12.5 points=12.5 hours.  First, I wrote about 12.5 points=12.5 hours.  Second, I wrote the work heading.  Third, I performed the work.  In this way, I prepared do nothing by writing that 12.5 points=12.5 hours.

26. I prepared to continue despite failing subjects.  I did this by stating that the psychologist said grit was the main factor in finishing students.  First, I stated that I failed an agreeing exposition.  Second, I failed by being famous.  Third, I failed by not knowing pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to continue despite failing subjects by stating that the psychologist said grit was the main factor in finishing students.

27. I prepared to choose a single pathway.  I did this by staying true to my future, making it real.  First, I decided on my career.  Second, I chose courses supporting it.  Third, I chose subjects supporting it.  In this way, I prepared to choose a single pathway by staying true to my future, making it real.

28. I prepared to pass the major.  I did this by persevering through failure.  First, I meditated (philosophised) to work out to write a positive exposition.  Second, I used pedagogy when I was famous.  Third, I used pedagogy to perform well.  In this way, I prepared to pass the major by persevering through failure.

29. I prepared to write sunfeltnesses.  I did this by anticipating sunrise.  First, I liked you. Second, I liked myself.  Third, I liked the sun rising.  In this way, I prepared to write sunfeltnesses by anticipating sunrise.

30. I prepared to be all right by medicine.  I did this by turning off waking thoughts with the nut and bolt and quantum box/prayer.  First, I found the capital punishment thought. Second, I switched it off.  Third, I was big.  In this way, I prepared to be all right by medicine by turning off waking thoughts with the nut and bolt and quantum box/prayer.

"]