["Green, L 2021, <i>Laughter for Depression 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Laughter for Depression 2 of 4

11. I prepared to notice how they agreed.  I did this by agreeing with the gays.  First, I found the gay room.  Second, I agreed with the first gay.  Third, I agreed with all the gays.  In this way, I I prepared to notice how they agreed by agreeing with the gays.

12. I prepared to enable the primary school student perform well.  I did this by helping the primary school student with breasonings.  First, I helped her write the topic.  Second, I helped her write the argument.  Third, I helped her breason it out.  In this way, I I prepared to enable the primary school student perform well by helping the primary school student with breasonings.

13. I prepared to observe the audience's reactions to my jokes.  I did this by observing the audience laugh at the clown.  First, I waited until the pause.  Second, I giggled hysterically.  Third, I observed the audience laugh with me.  In this way, I I prepared to observe the audience's reactions to my jokes by observing the audience laugh at the clown.

14. I prepared to take part in Cookery.  I did this by listening to the Kookaburra's laugh.  First, I found weirdness interesting.  Second, I helped him.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to take part in Cookery by listening to the Kookaburra's laugh.

15. I prepared to continue to the next joke.  I did this by laughing with my partner.  First, I found my partner in the lounge.  Second, I explained the joke to him.  Third, I laughed with him.  In this way, I prepared to continue to the next joke by laughing with my partner.

16. I prepared to think of the distinct connotations.  I did this by laughing about the synonym. First, I found the synonym.  Second, I found you.  Third, I laughed with you about it.  In this way, I prepared to think of the distinct connotations by laughing about the synonym.

17. I prepared to dine on quinces.  I did this by helping the cosmologue (writer).  First, I found the writing.  Second, I explained what I thought about it.  Third, I enjoyed the purple-orange gradient in the computer game background.  In this way, I prepared to dine on quinces by helping the cosmologue (writer).

18. I prepared to examine the company's 'warehouse'.  I did this by endorsing the meditation (philosophy) company.  First, I walked to the boardroom.  Second, I delivered my presentation. Third, I endorsed the company.  In this way, I prepared to examine the company's 'warehouse' by endorsing the meditation (philosophy) company.

19. I prepared to write the article on laughter for depression.  I did this by breasoning out 10 Medicine As.  First, I breasoned out 10 Medicine As, not to symbolise the end degree, but to protect me when I expanded the 267 Medicine breasonings into 100 As.  Second, I studied Honours (4 assignments*30 As).  Third, I expanded the 267 Medicine breasonings into 100 As, including the 10 Medicine As.  In this way, I prepared to write the article on laughter for depression by breasoning out 10 Medicine As.

20. I prepared to state that the scone was a damper scone.  I did this by eating the scone.  First, I made the scone.  Second, I placed vegan cream to it.  Third, I applied jam to it and ate it.  In this way, I prepared to state that the scone was a damper scone by eating the scone.

"]