["Green, L 2021, <i>Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 1 of 4



1. Berocca, or Elderberry Block Binding Sites of Bacteria and Viruses.

1a. I prepared to block the pathogen from binding with the body.  I did this by finding the binding site.  First, I found the pathogen. Second, I found the possible binding site in the body.  Third, I found whether the pathogen bound with the binding site.  In this way, I prepared to block the pathogen from binding with the body by finding the binding site.

2. I prepared to feel healthier.  I did this by drinking the Elderberry syrup.  First, I identified that I needed the Elderberry syrup.  Second, I measured the Elderberry syrup.  Third, I drank the Elderberry syrup.  In this way, I prepared to feel healthier by drinking the Elderberry syrup.

3. I prepared to enjoy the fragrance.  I did this by pouring the Frankincense.  First, I lifted the bottle of Frankincense from the shelf.  Second, I poured it into another bottle.  Third, I fragranced myself.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the fragrance by pouring the Frankincense.

4. I prepared to demonstrate verification of input.  I did this by wearing pitchouli, (sic) demonstrating verification of input.  First, I wrote to the religious leader (philosopher).  Second, I thought about the pitchouli.  Third, I wore it.  In this way, I prepared to demonstrate verification of input by wearing pitchouli, (sic) demonstrating verification of input.

5. I prepared to taste the same tea as the one drunk by the early settler.  I did this by writing that the early settler drank the natural tea.  First, I noted that he used the natural tea leaves.  Second, I noted he boiled the water on the stove. Third, I noted that he made the tea.  In this way, I prepared to taste the same tea as the one drunk by the early settler by writing that the early settler drank the natural tea.

6. I prepared to observe Dumptonesquenesses.  I did this by observing the feminist write about the sponge boy.  First, I observed the boy with the sponge.  Second, I observed the feminist notice him.  Third, I observed her write about him.  In this way, I prepared to observe Dumptonesquenesses by observing the feminist write about the sponge boy.

7. I prepared to hold the berry.  I did this by picking the berry.  First, I observed the people picking over the plant.  Second, I wrote about the plant.  Third, I picked the berry.  In this way, I prepared to hold the berry by picking the berry.

8. I prepared to put a berry on the plate.  I did this by crush the berry.  First, I placed the berry in the mortar.  Second, I crushed it using the pestle.  Third, I tasted it.  In this way, I prepared to put a berry on the plate by crush the berry.

9. I prepared to drink the liquefied berry.  I did this by holding the berry up.  First, I selected the berry.  Second, I picked the berry.  Third, I held the berry up.  In this way, I prepared to drink the liquefied berry by holding the berry up.

10. I prepared to give the berry drink to someone else.  I did this by mulling the berry.  First, I boiled water, sugar, sliced orange, sliced lemon, cinnamon sticks, whole cloves and berries and simmered for 5 minutes.  Second, I added wine and simmered for 10 minutes.  Third, I removed the solids.  In this way, I prepared to give the berry drink to someone else by mulling the berry.

"]