["Green, L 2021, <i>Nut and Bolt 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Nut and Bolt 1 of 4



1. Detailed prevention of problems the Quantum Box/Prayer prevent.

Following a Medicine degree, pretend to unscrew a nut from a long thin bolt each day to prevent a headache, etc.

1a.    I prepared to use the nut and bolt by itself.  I did this by cleaning the quantum box/prayer with the nut and bolt.  First, I used the nut and bolt.  Second, I enjoyed it.  Third, I recorded this.  In this way, I prepared to use the nut and bolt by itself by cleaning the quantum box/prayer with the nut and bolt.

2.    I prepared to use the nut and bolt.  I did this by inspecting the hairdressing salon.  First, I found the chair.  Second, I found the mirror.  Third, I turned the light on.  In this way, I prepared to use the nut and bolt by inspecting the hairdressing salon.

3.    I prepared to observe the nut and bolt and other objects on other objects (i.e. in 'on' relationships).  I did this by stating that the Queen's crown was like a nut on a bolt or a bow on a present.  First, I looked at the Queen's crown on her head.  Second, I observed the nut on the bolt.  Third, I observed the bow on the present.  In this way, I prepared to observe the nut and bolt and other objects on other objects (i.e. in 'on' relationships) by stating that the Queen's crown was like a nut on a bolt or a bow on a present.

4.    I prepared to attain the goal.  I did this by holding the bauble, like the bolt with the nut on it or presenting the present in my hand.  First, I found the person to present the present to.  Second, I gained her attention.  Third, I presented her with the present.  In this way, I prepared to attain the goal by holding the bauble, like the bolt with the nut on it or presenting the present in my hand.

5.    I prepared to ensconce.  I did this by liking the patient.  First, I found you.  Second, I found you eating popcorn (corn).  Third, I advised you not to (advised you to).  In this way, I prepared to ensconce by liking the patient.

6.    I prepared to be quenched of thirst.  I did this by drinking the necessary apple juice.  First, I found the carton.  Second, I opened it stemmingly.  Third, I drank from it.  In this way, I prepared to be quenched of thirst by drinking the necessary apple juice.

7.    I prepared to dot on and dot on anyway breasoning out 20 professors, the currant bun headache protection, praying (saying) for 174 lucian mantras (where mantras and sutras are replaced with instances of the word) and 174 green sutras and no digestive system pops from practising (saying) the sutra (word) in the morning.  I did this by meditating (writing) before going to sleep.  First, I dotted on and dotted on anyway praying (saying) for 80 david mantras (where mantras and sutras are replaced with instances of the word), 80 david sutras, 80 maranatha mantras, 80 maranatha sutras, 80 om mantras, 80 om sutras, 80 dadirri mantras and 80 dadirri sutras, no headache prayer, honey pot prayer and maharishi, elderberry, fibre, a probiotic and an antihallucinogenic.  Second, I meditated (wrote) on 174 lucian mantras (where mantras and sutras are replaced with instances of the word) and 174 green sutras.  Third, I prayed for (said) Aigs (a pattern) for acting, pedagogy helper and an image of Aigs (a square) for acting agent, university and apple breasoning for relationships.  In this way, .

8.    I prepared to test whether to expand.  I did this by starting business in the right place.  First, I selected the most affluent suburb in the city.  Second, I started business.  Third, I consulted the marketing practitioner.  In this way, I prepared to test whether to expand by starting business in the right place.

9.    I prepared to be endorsed as the writer.  I did this by writing the amount of capital that the financial advisor suggested was needed.  First, I determined the amount of capital needed.  Second, I found this amount of capital.  Third, I found 100 people to support the school.  In this way, I prepared to be endorsed as the writer by writing the amount of capital that the financial advisor suggested was needed.

10.I prepared to maintain the school and remunerate some of the staff costs.  I did this by investing money for costs.  First, I spoke with a financial planner.  Second, I invested the money.  Third, I used returns for costs.  In this way, I prepared to maintain the school and remunerate some of the staff costs by investing money for costs.

"]