["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Grades and Failure 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Grades and Failure 4 of 4

31. I prepared to verify that each aim had been achieved.  I did this by writing the 4509 - Humans Can Communicate with God song argument.  First, I became God (the master).  Second, I led well.  Third, I helped each cravitron (sic).  In this way, I prepared to verify that each aim had been achieved by writing the 4509 - Humans Can Communicate with God song argument.

32. I prepared to examine physiology change from practising meditation (articulating to a department using pedagogy).  I did this by writing the 4599 - People Achieve Immortality song argument.  First, I flew high.  Second, I passed with flying colours.  Third, I approached immortality by following God (the facilitator).  In this way, I prepared to examine physiology change from practising meditation (articulating to a department using pedagogy) by writing the 4599 - People Achieve Immortality song argument.

33. I prepared to assimilate with those with different DNA when the population reached its peak.  I did this by writing the 4674 - Civilisation At Peak, Population Reaches 340 Billion, Assimilation Begins With Aliens song argument.  First, I observed the population reach its peak.  Second, I observed assimilation with those with different DNA.  Third, I observed epton/epsilon-pineal-town/examinedness of brain-using citizens.  In this way, I prepared to assimilate with those with different DNA when the population reached its peak by writing the 4674 - Civilisation At Peak, Population Reaches 340 Billion, Assimilation Begins With Aliens song argument.

34. I prepared to name the core areas of study Pedagogy, Medicine, Meditation, Computational English and Economics.  I did this by writing the 5076 - The Boundary of the Universe is Reached, Beyond Which No One Understands What There Is song argument.  First, I walked to the edge of the room.  Second, I looked out of the window.  Third, I saw the creeper.  In this way, I prepared to name the core areas of study Pedagogy, Medicine, Meditation, Computational English and Economics by writing the 5076 - The Boundary of the Universe is Reached, Beyond Which No One Understands What There Is song argument.

35. I prepared to like more, not less data.  I did this by writing the 5078 - The People Decide To Leave The Boundaries Of The Universe song argument.  First, I left the house.  Second, I walked through the garden.  Third, I entered the church (building).  In this way, I prepared to like more, not less data by writing the 5078 - The People Decide To Leave The Boundaries Of The Universe song argument.

36. I prepared to think of the most popular ideas on Planet Earth.  I did this by writing the Abracadabra 2 song argument.  First, I wrote about meditation (philosophy).  Second, I wrote about you, a porcupine.  Third, I wrote about myself, someone like a prickly pear.  In this way, I prepared to think of the most popular ideas on Planet Earth by writing the Abracadabra 2 song argument.

37. I prepared to ask for one of the two to be with-it.  I did this by writing the Abracadabra song argument.  First, I wrote about Pedagogy.  Second, I wrote about you, a penis.  Third, I wrote about myself, a vagina.  In this way, I prepared to ask for one of the two to be with-it by writing the Abracadabra song argument.

38. I prepared to 'each' 'eat' one out.  I did this by writing the Academy song argument.  First, I wrote on the Academy.  Second, I wrote on what it is good for.  Third, I wrote on what about S after the symposium.  In this way, I prepared to 'each' 'eat' one out by writing the Academy song argument.

39. I prepared to eat out of cups.  I did this by writing the Aliens Arrive on Earth song argument.  First, I found the aliens.  Second, I found where they had landed on Planet Earth.  Third, I did the rest of the things with them.  In this way, I prepared to eat out of cups by writing the Aliens Arrive on Earth song argument.

40. I prepared to state that it is easy to select music students in philosophy.  I did this by writing the Anacrusis song argument.  First, I found the upbeat.  Second, I stated Nietzsche is the father of the father of Computational English, Heidegger.  Third, I wrote that I am the father of the epistemological type of Computational English, but questioned this.  In this way, I prepared to state that it is easy to select music students in philosophy by writing the Anacrusis song argument.

41. I prepared to question the religious (philosophical) aspect.  I did this by writing the Anarchy 2 song argument.  First, I arrested the pedophile.  Second, I was the religious (ethical) leader.  Third, I revealed the age of the song.  In this way, I prepared to question the religious (philosophical) aspect by writing the Anarchy 2 song argument.

42. I prepared to query the link between the song and sex.  I did this by writing the Anarchy 3 song argument.  First, I queried the prostitutes (partners).  Second, I queried the number one hit.  Third, I queried the three notes.  In this way, I prepared to query the link between the song and sex by writing the Anarchy 3 song argument.



"]