["Green, L 2021, <i>Go to Bed at 9-30 PM 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Go to Bed at 9:30 PM 2 of 4

11. I prepared to help with Pedagogy.  I did this by stating that 5% drop out of University, but may find out about Pedagogy.  First, I found they may find Pedagogy.  Second, I found they may find Medicine.  Third, I found they may find Meditation (Popology).  In this way, I prepared to help with Pedagogy by stating that 5% drop out of University, but may find out about Pedagogy.

12. I prepared to continue with my studies.  I did this by identifying factors that reduce (increase) motivation.  First, I listed missing (attending) class.  Second, I chose the wrong (right) subject.  Third, I completed work too late (on time).  In this way, I prepared to continue with my studies by identifying factors that reduce (increase) motivation.

13. I prepared to continue with my next unit.  I did this by losing (maintaining) contact with units.  First, I learnt pedagogy.  Second, I maintained contact with units.  Third, I maintained contact with lecturers.  In this way, I prepared to continue with my next unit by losing (maintaining) contact with units.

14. I prepared to ask for a subject to be offered.  I did this by identifying that my course choice was not right (was right).  First, I wrote abut the subjects.  Second, I wrote about why liked them .  Third, I connected them with other subjects.  In this way, I prepared to ask for a subject to be offered by identifying that my course choice was not right (was right).

15. I prepared to completed the work by the due date.  I did this by identifying that there was too much (enough) work due (to do).  First, I found the papers.  Second, I completed the first one.  Third, I completed each of them.  In this way, I prepared to completed the work by the due date by identifying that there was too much (enough) work due (to do).

16. I prepared to move forward.  I did this by thinking of strategies to avoid losing motivation.  First, I completed each week's work.  Second, I saw a careers counsellor when the subject appeared wrong.  Third, I regularly check when work was due and worked towards due dates.  In this way, I prepared to move forward by thinking of strategies to avoid losing motivation.

17. I prepared to ask the lecturer so that I understood each answer.  I did this by catching up each week.  First, I started work.  Second, I finished work.  Third, I verified that understood the work.  In this way, I prepared to ask the lecturer so that I understood each answer by catching up each week.

18. I prepared to choose subjects that I was interested in.  I did this by asking for course advice when subjects cause doubt.  First, I found the course.  Second, I found the subjects.  Third, I completed them.  In this way, I prepared to choose subjects that I was interested in by asking for course advice when subjects cause doubt.

19. I prepared to pass the subject.  I did this by using a semester plan and gradually completing assignments.  First, I found books on the assessment topic.  Second, I read them.  Third, I wrote the assignment.  In this way, I prepared to pass the subject by using a semester plan and gradually completing assignments.

20. I prepared to verify the content of the essay.  I did this by planning.  First, I wrote the exposition.  Second, I wrote the critique.  Third, I wrote the bibliography.  In this way, I prepared to verify the content of the essay by planning.

"]