["Green, L 2021, <i>Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Berocca Prevents Colds and Flu 3 of 4

21. I prepared to take the money for selling the freesias.  I did this by smelling the freesias.  First, I cultivated the freesias.  Second, I smelt them.  Third, I sold them. In this way, I prepared to take the money for selling the freesias by smelling the freesias.

22. I prepared to dine.  I did this by smelling the happy people.  First, I smelt their shirts.  Second, I smelt their hair.  Third, I smelt their linen.  In this way, I prepared to dine by smelling the happy people.

23. I prepared to break the economic barriers.  I did this by liking laurels.  First, I picked the laurels.  Second, I explained they were bay leaves.  Third, I made the laurel wreath.  In this way, I prepared to break the economic barriers by liking laurels.

24. I prepared to adorn the God (leader).  I did this by drinking the nectar.  First, I loved the nectar.  Second, I helped it rosuly (sic).  Third, I loved it.  In this way, I prepared to adorn the God (leader) by drinking the nectar.

25. I prepared to eat the carrot.  I did this by holding the sacrosancts.  First, I cooked the carrot slice.  Second, I oiled it.  Third, I lubricated my lips.  In this way, I prepared to eat the carrot by holding the sacrosancts.

26. I prepared to announce that I had won when all my counters were home.  I did this by playing Ludo.  First, I threw the dice.  Second, I moved the counter.  Third, I made a pile of all the counters at the base when six was thrown.  In this way, I prepared to announce that I had won when all my counters were home by playing Ludo.

27. I prepared to read the time.  I did this by rotating around the clock.  First, I rotated to 3 PM.  Second, I rotated to 6 PM.  Third, I rotated to 9 PM.  In this way, I prepared to read the time by rotating around the clock.

28. I prepared to write about the areas of study.  I did this by stating that I am University.  First, I uploaded the degrees.  Second, I advertised them to students. Third, I stated that this was University.  In this way, I prepared to write about the areas of study by stating that I am University.

29. I prepared to prevent rape (ensure respect).  I did this by observing the person state that he loved you.  First, I observed him state that he studied pedagogy. Second, I observed him state that he studied medicine.  Third, I observed him state that he studied meditation.  In this way, I prepared to prevent rape (ensure respect) by observing the person state that he loved you.

30. I prepared to seize the day.  I did this by loving art.  First, I looked the artwork up in the catalogue.  Second, I sat down.  Third, I experienced the artwork.  In this way, I prepared to seize the day by loving art.

"]