["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Course Plan 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Course Plan 1 of 4



1. Study from a selection of Pedagogy, Medicine, Meditation, Philosophy, Computer Science and Creative Writing to become a pedagogue.

As a foundation, I recommend learning Meditation before University (or Year 4 in Primary School, with at least one parent), and a Medicine course. Then, study Computer Science for Prolog, Creative Writing for ability to write Pedagogy and Philosophy for Critical Thinking and all ideas in Pedagogy, then Education and Pedagogy, which becomes an Academic's skills foundation. Then, use Pedagogy in conjunction with courses to develop couresware, study Commerce to build your Education empire and perhaps Law.

Note: Visit an 'Effective Altruism' session in your city before Honours to realise to write 2*15 Pedagogical As per Honours assignment and 2*50 As per Masters and PhD by dotting on the start and end of each sentence of each speaker, deleting the big ideas in each sentence, and doing this while chatting with one of them afterwards. They also help people wanting to become lecturers to complete 5 As (=5*10 breasonings) of his or hers for each student he or she meets.

See also Why Study Humanities?, Courses in Meditation, Pedagogy and Medicine.

1a. I prepared to dispose of Anarchy is India, I just want it to be a normal place.  I did this by writing the Anarchy in India song argument.  First, I asked what Anarchy is.  Second, I asked what about India there is.  Third, I wrote about them together.  In this way, I prepared to dispose of Anarchy is India, I just want it to be a normal place by writing the Anarchy in India song argument.

2. I prepared to state that Anarchy was the secret value of Philosophy.  I did this by writing the Anarchy song argument.  First, I discovered Anarchy.  Second, I discovered it's equilibrium value.  Third, I explained that this made it the centre of Arts.  In this way, I prepared to state that Anarchy was the secret value of Philosophy by writing the Anarchy song argument.

3. I prepared to stroke pussy's tail.  I did this by writing the Anson song argument.  First, I discovered Anson.  Second, I made friends with him.  Third, I recommended he used a condom.  In this way, .

4. I prepared to ride the sphere vehicle.  I did this by writing the Apple Computer song argument. First, I discovered the time point.  Second, I discovered the importance.  Third, I thought about time.  In this way, I prepared to ride the sphere vehicle by writing the Apple Computer song argument.

5. I prepared to thank Louis for his time.  I did this by writing the Are You There? song argument.  First, I discovered the toy ghost.  Second, I thought of the toilet paper.  Third, I saw the door close.  In this way, I prepared to thank Louis for his time by writing the Are You There?.

6. I prepared to thank my Arts College.  I did this by writing the Arts College Song argument.  First, I found the up and down.  Second, I found the inside out.  Third, I found the 'in time'.  In this way, I prepared to thank my Arts College by writing the Arts College Song argument.

7. I prepared to connect Atheism and the King.  I did this by writing the Atheism song argument.  First, I believed in God (the master).  Second, I noticed God (the leader) was still in the room.  Third, I meditated (philosophised) and helped the King.  In this way, I prepared to connect Atheism and the King by writing the Atheism song argument.

8. I prepared to have a baby.  I did this by writing the Baby song argument.  First, I wrote about the baby.  Second, I intrigued it.  Third, I convinced it.  In this way, I prepared to have a baby by writing the Baby song argument.

9. I prepared to ask if the baby was gay.  I did this by writing the Baby, Baby song argument.  First, I babied the baby.  Second, I asked, 'Who is babier?'  Third, I said that I liked you.  In this way, I prepared to ask if the baby was gay by writing the Baby, Baby song argument.

10. I prepared to go time travelling.  I did this by writing the Bingo song argument.  First, I discovered the point.  Second, I discovered the writing.  Third, I predicted the random number.  In this way, I prepared to go time travelling by writing the Bingo song argument.

"]