["Green, L 2021, <i>250 Breasonings 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
250 Breasonings 2 of 4

11. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who hadn't been given the dry eyes argument.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare change to dry eyes in those who had and hadn't been given the dry eyes argument treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who had been given the dry eyes argument to compare change to dry eyes.  Second, I collected it for those who hadn't been given the dry eyes argument.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who had been given the dry eyes argument to compare change to dry eyes.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who hadn't been given the dry eyes argument by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare change to dry eyes in those who had and hadn't been given the dry eyes argument treating gender as a blocking variable.

12. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for for those not taking Elderberry.   I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare prevention of colds and influenza in those taking and not taking Elderberry treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those taking Elderberry to compare prevention of colds and influenza.  Second, I collected it for those not taking Elderberry.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those taking Elderberry to compare prevention of colds and influenza.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for for those not taking Elderberry by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare prevention of colds and influenza in those taking and not taking Elderberry treating gender as a blocking variable.

13. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for non-Lucianic medicine graduates.   I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether Lucianic medicine graduates or non-graduates have fewer mental breakdowns treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for Lucianic medicine graduates to compare whether they have fewer mental breakdowns.  Second, I collected it for non-Lucianic medicine graduates.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for Lucianic medicine graduates to compare whether they have fewer mental breakdowns.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for non-Lucianic medicine graduates by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether Lucianic medicine graduates or non-graduates have fewer mental breakdowns treating gender as a blocking variable.

14. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for non-grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters' and non-grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters' overall health treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters to compare overall health.  Second, I collected it for non-grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters to compare overall health.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for non-grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters' and non-grains/nuts/fruits/vegetables eaters' overall health treating gender as a blocking variable.

15. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who haven't got in touch with God about breasonings details.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare the ability to see high quality imagery and earn H1s in those who have and haven't got in touch with God about breasonings details, treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who have got in touch with God about breasonings details to compare the ability to see high quality imagery and earn H1s.  Second, I collected it for those who haven't got in touch with God about breasonings details.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for [subject]s to compare the ability to see high quality imagery and earn H1s.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who haven't got in touch with God about breasonings details by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare the ability to see high quality imagery and earn H1s in those who have and haven't got in touch with God about breasonings details, treating gender as a blocking variable.

16. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't go to bed at 9:30 PM.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether those who do or don't go to bed at 9:30 PM feel refreshed arising treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who went to bed at 9:30 PM to compare whether they feel refreshed arising.  Second, I collected it for those who didn't go to bed at 9:30 PM.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who went to bed at 9:30 PM to compare whether they feel refreshed arising.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't go to bed at 9:30 PM by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether those who do or don't go to bed at 9:30 PM feel refreshed arising treating gender as a blocking variable.

17. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't request formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare grades of those who did and didn't request formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who requested formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration to compare grades.  Second, I collected it for those who didn't request formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who requested formative feedback on essays to compare grades.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't request formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare grades of those who did and didn't request formative feedback on essays and applied for special consideration treating gender as a blocking variable.

18. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't practise the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare outdoor sun headache in those who did and didn't practise the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who practised the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique to compare outdoor sun headache.  Second, I collected it for those who didn't practise the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who practised the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique to compare outdoor sun headache.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't practise the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare outdoor sun headache in those who did and didn't practise the Head of State Head Ache Prevention technique treating gender as a blocking variable.

19. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (people who go shopping on weekends) for couples who hadn't breasoned out a conception argument.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare successful conception and prevention of miscarriage in couples who had and hadn't breasoned out a conception argument treating going shopping on weekdays or weekends as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (people who go shopping on weekdays) by random allocation for couples who had breasoned out a conception argument to compare successful conception and prevention of miscarriage.  Second, I collected it for couples who hadn't breasoned out a conception argument  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (people who go shopping on weekends) by random allocation for couples who had breasoned out a conception argument to compare successful conception and prevention of miscarriage.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (people who go shopping on weekends) for couples who hadn't breasoned out a conception argument by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare successful conception and prevention of miscarriage in couples who had and hadn't breasoned out a conception argument treating going shopping on weekdays or weekends as a blocking variable.

20. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who hadn't practised the Honey Pot technique.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether those who had and hadn't practised the Honey Pot technique had no headaches in vehicles and walks treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who practised the Honey Pot technique to compare whether they had no headaches in vehicles and on walks treating gender as a blocking variable.  Second, I collected it for those who hadn't practised the Honey Pot technique.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who practised the Honey Pot technique to compare whether they had no headaches in vehicles and on walks.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who hadn't practised the Honey Pot technique by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether those who had and hadn't practised the Honey Pot technique had no headaches in vehicles and walks treating gender as a blocking variable.

"]