["Green, L 2021, <i>250 Breasonings 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
250 Breasonings 1 of 4



1. (see Pedagogy and the blog in general) for high quality imagery in writing areas of study (e.g. productions) without discomfort.

1a. I prepared to write that it is amazing.  I did this by writing that I am a writer.  First, I wrote about writings.  Second, I wrote about you.  Third, I wrote that I knew you.  In this way, I prepared to write that it is amazing by writing that I am a writer.

2. I prepared to take turns washing and cooking.  I did this by writing that I am married to one person.  First, I knew one person.  Second, I married him.  Third, I emphasised this. In this way, I prepared to take turns washing and cooking by writing that I am married to one person.

3. I prepared to connect high quality imagery (from 50 As) and comfortable medical expansion to 50 As.  I did this by writing that everything was given to me.  First, I wrote about the children.  Second, I wrote about the enigmas.  Third, I wrote about child-likenesses.  In this way, I prepared to connect high quality imagery (from 50 As) and comfortable medical expansion to 50 As by writing that everything was given to me.

4. I prepared to check that I had everything I needed.  I did this by stating that everything was given to me each day.  First, I knew that it was given to me.  Second, I said it was all right.  Third, I noted that the pedagogy helper was interested in something too.  In this way, I prepared to check that I had everything I needed by stating that everything was given to me each day.

5. I prepared to listen to the classical music, which had an expanse of 50 As.  I did this by listening to classical music.  First, I found the record.  Second, I played it on the gramophone.  Third, I listened to the classical music.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the classical music, which had an expanse of 50 As by listening to classical music.

6. I prepared to read the tram-car number.  I did this by observing the tram-car.  First, I knew you were on the tram-car.  Second, I saw you on the tram-car.  Third, I waved to you.  In this way, I prepared to read the tram-car number by observing the tram-car.

7. I prepared to drink the glass of water.  I did this by pouring the drink.  First, I found the bottle.  Second, I found the glass.  Third, I poured the drink.  In this way, I prepared to drink the glass of water by pouring the drink.

8. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those not given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As.   I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare those given and those not given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As.  Second, I collected it for those not given the 250 breasoning medicine argument.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those not given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare those given and those not given the 250 breasoning medicine argument to compare high quality imagery in writing areas of study and comfort in expansions to 50 As treating gender as a blocking variable.

9. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for who didn't drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast.   I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare the next bowel movement time of those who did and didn't drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who drank 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast to compare the next bowel movement time  Second, I collected it for those who didn't drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who drank 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast to compare the next bowel movement time.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for who didn't drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare the next bowel movement time of those who did and didn't drink 4 glasses of water and exercise 45 minute before breakfast treating gender as a blocking variable.

10. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't practise apple meditation.   I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare success in a relationship in those who did and didn't practise apple meditation and treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for who practised apple meditation to compare success in a relationship.  Second, I collected it who didn't practise apple meditation.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for who practised apple meditation to compare success in a relationship.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who didn't practise apple meditation by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare success in a relationship in those who did and didn't practise apple meditation and treating gender as a blocking variable.

"]