["Green, L 2021, <i>Perpetual University Short Courses 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Perpetual University Short Courses 4 of 4

31. I prepared to write the writing workshop.  I did this by penning my breasoning chapters so that I could breason them out that day.  First, I wrote the breasoning chapter.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I worked for a maximum of 6.5 hours per day.  In this way, I prepared to write the writing workshop by penning my breasoning chapters so that I could breason them out that day.

32. I prepared to find out each breasoning instead of praying for the argument.  I did this by breasoning the breasoning chapter out instead of praying.  First, I chose Nietzsche because he was liberal.  Second, I didn't choose Buddha because he was not vegan and believed in capital punishment.  Third, I didn't choose myself because it would be undeveloped.  In this way, I prepared to find out each breasoning instead of praying for the argument by breasoning the breasoning chapter out instead of praying.

33. I prepared to give an excuse to trade 50 As from 80 breasonings while simulating studying the graduate diploma while also only working on 80 breasonings per each of product, image and sales, each representing 50 As.  I did this by praying for ideas when at non-University.  First, I prayed for a graduate diploma.  Second, I prayed for Aigs, or 80 breasonings.  Third, I cancelled the degreelessness purporters who might challenge in-person departmental encounters of an untrained person, with the nut and bolt and quantum box/prayer.  In this way, I prepared to give an excuse to trade 50 As from 80 breasonings while simulating studying the graduate diploma while also only working on 80 breasonings per each of product, image and sales, each representing 50 As by praying for ideas when at non-University.

34. I prepared to be on about things.  I did this by stating that the sales were found out from a number one.  First, I stated that it was based on the product.  Second, I stated that it was the same for the image.  Third, I stated that the image meant, at least that the 50 breasonings were for high quality of life reasons.  In this way, I prepared to be on about things by stating that the sales were found out from a number one.

35. I prepared to be the model student.  I did this by reforming the number of PhD chapter As from 5000 to 500.  First, I wrote that the 500 As per chapter would take fewer than 20 years at 130 breasonings per day.  Second, I wrote that more than 130 breasonings per day resulted in a headache and was too time-consuming.  Third, I stated that 10*20=200 years was untenable for 10*500=5000 As per chapter.  In this way, I prepared to be the model student by reforming the number of PhD chapter As from 5000 to 500.

36. I prepared to observe the differences between students with and without grit.  I did this by observing the student passing in a nutshell.  First, the student didn't find the pedagogy time points in time.  Second, the student didn't realise the importance of brainstorming undevelopedly on the essay topic, which the lecturer was supporting to increase her grade.  Third, the student suffered a mental breakdown and had to see a psychiatrist because of the dimly viewed society-held view that poor grades were a sign of poor mental health.  In this way, I prepared to observe the differences between students with and without grit by observing the student passing in a nutshell.

37. I prepared to quickly say she passed the course.  I did this by passing because of being a drag queen.  First, I explained that the brown (as against green) nutshell pass aphor actually referred to looking confident enough to pass the subject.  Second, I observed that the poofters in drag high quality thought being remembered by the student meant that the lecturer attributed enough breasonings to her to pass the subject.  Third, I noticed that she wasn't attributed with the drag queen character when she wasn't with-it (and wouldn't have been, which would have been looked down on), resulting in failing the subject.  In this way, I prepared to quickly say she passed the course by passing because of being a drag queen.

38. I prepared to give the job application many As, preventing a second failure in something else.  I did this by specifying my needs in the song.  First, I failed (achieved).  Second, I wrote a song about it.  Third, I wrote what I wanted from the arbiter in the song.  In this way, I prepared to give the job application many As, preventing a second failure in something else by specifying my needs in the song.

39. I prepared to argue that the theological God should be with-it over the area of study Gods.  I did this by articulating to God in the area of study.  First, I wrote a major of 10*80 breasoning As to be a follower.  Second, I stated that the combined graduate attribute of the Pedagogy and Medicine majors was to avoid mental breakdowns.  Third, I wrote an area of study of 50*80 breasoning As so that the majors met professional requirements (worked) to be God.  In this way, I prepared to argue that the theological God should be with-it over the area of study Gods by articulating to God in the area of study.

40. I prepared to breason out something interesting about each department contributing to the collections of areas of study, repeat the presentness commerce As each day until the course, and turn everything on using radio buttons and turn everything off using the nut and bolt and quantum box and prayer to take care of extras.  I did this by selling the course(s).  First, I placed recordings of the Graduate Diplomas in Sales, the course department(s), fine arts and presentness commerce on myself.  Second, I placed recordings of 80 breasonings for each of these on myself and indicated that the diplomas had expanded these to 2*50 As.  Third, I breasoned out my invitation and invited the potential guest to the course.  In this way, I prepared to breason out something interesting about each department contributing to the collections of areas of study, repeat the presentness commerce As each day until the course, and turn everything on using radio buttons and turn everything off using the nut and bolt and quantum box and prayer to take care of extras by selling the course(s).

41. I prepared to ask the doctor questions.  I did this by asking whether the doctor was mad (sane).  First, I found the medic.  Second, I examined whether he was psychiatrically fit.  Third, I determined that he was fit.  In this way, I prepared to ask the doctor questions by asking whether the doctor was mad (sane).

42. I prepared to visit the short course lounge.  I did this by attending University.  First, I found the University on a map.  Second, I found the correct classroom.  Third, I walked to the classroom.  In this way, I prepared to visit the short course lounge by attending University.



"]