["Green, L 2021, <i>Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to say the couple was happy.  I did this by playing with the Treetime power ranger.  First, I held onto the tree.  Second, I held it dearly.  Third, I stayed there for 5 minutes.  In this way, I prepared to say the couple was happy by playing with the Treetime power ranger.

22.   I prepared to win the game.  I did this by playing with the Fun power ranger.  First, I had fun.  Second, I had fun in the rain.  Third, I battled the campaign with pieces that you couldn't see the pain in.  In this way, I prepared to win the game by playing with the Fun power ranger.

23.   I prepared to state the aircraft is a bird.  I did this by flying with wings.  First, I boarded the aircraft.  Second, I left the departure point.  Third, I arrived at the destination.  In this way, I prepared to state the aircraft is a bird by flying with wings.

24.  I prepared to learn about mapping.  I did this by visiting the gardens.  First, I looked at the map.  Second, I went to the point.  Third, I sketched this as a chart.  In this way, I prepared to learn about mapping by visiting the gardens.

25.  I prepared to state that you are intelligent to others.  I did this by stating that you are intelligent.  First, I thought clearly of the overhead compartment.  Second, I ate the sandwich.  Third, I prepared for the next task.  In this way, I prepared to state that you are intelligent to others by stating that you are intelligent.

26.  I prepared to explore the house.  I did this by painting the house red.  First, I held the paintbrush.  Second, I dipped it in the red paint.  Third, I painted the house red.  In this way, I prepared to explore the house by painting the house red.

27.  I prepared to improve the subjects.  I did this by teaching in my academy.  First, I learned the subjects.  Second, I taught the students.  Third, I verified the subjects against the feedback.  In this way, I prepared to improve the subjects by teaching in my academy.

28.   I prepared to enjoy spiritual algorithms after being trained for the job.  I did this by stating the commerce manager took care of the company.  First, I wrote he enjoyed us.  Second, I wrote he wrote our things for us.  Third, I wrote, 'What about 50 As?'  In this way, I prepared to enjoy spiritual algorithms after being trained for the job by stating the commerce manager took care of the company.

29.   I prepared to loved you.  I did this by stating that the person was encouraged to teach before lecturing.  First, I had experience teaching.  Second, I became a Maharishi.  Third, I loved life.  In this way, I prepared to loved you by stating that the person was encouraged to teach before lecturing.

30.  I prepared to eat the honey.  I did this by collecting the honey pots.  First, I collected the first one.  Second, I prepared to collect the next one.  Third, I repeated this until I had collected them all.  In this way, I prepared to eat the honey by collecting the honey pots.

"]