["Green, L 2021, <i>Perpetual University Short Courses 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Perpetual University Short Courses 3 of 4

21. I prepared to decide.  I did this by knowing about each rod.  First, I knew about the first rod. Second, I knew about the second rod.  Third, I knew about the third rod.  In this way, I prepared to decide by knowing about each rod.

22. I prepared to invent the area of study that people meditated (wrote) on.  I did this by quenching the baby.  First, I gave the baby the milk.  Second, I fed it.  Third, I folded the nappy up.  In this way, I prepared to invent the area of study that people meditated (wrote) on by quenching the baby.

23. I prepared to examine the visitors.  I did this by drawing the rainbow lorikeet.  First, I drew his rainbow-coloured belly.  Second, I drew his green back.  Third, I drew his blue face.  In this way, I prepared to examine the visitors by drawing the rainbow lorikeet.

24. I prepared to accredit the thought.  I did this by liking writing.  First, I knew writing.  Second, I helped it up.  Third, I wrote a clarification of the target's idea.  In this way, I prepared to accredit the thought by liking writing.

25. I prepared to preventing tantra's medical problems by accrediting it and taking precautions.  I did this by examining tantra.  First, I knew the person.  Second, I knew the ideas.  Third, I talked with everyone in sight.  In this way, I prepared to preventing tantra's medical problems by accrediting it and taking precautions by examining tantra.

26. I prepared to make it news.  I did this by aiding the coiffeur.  First, I gave him the clippers. Second, I gave him the scissors.  Third, I showed the client her hair in the mirror.  In this way, I prepared to make it news by aiding the coiffeur.

27. I prepared to speak in the same language.  I did this by speaking Pǔtōnghua.  First, I stated that it meant common.  Second, I stated that it meant spoken.  Third, I stated that it meant language.  In this way, I prepared to speak in the same language by speaking Pǔtōnghua.

28. I prepared to pick a dye.  I did this by stating that the family duck was vegan.  First, I fed her grass.  Second, I fed her rice.  Third, I fed her capers.  In this way, I prepared to pick a dye by stating that the family duck was vegan.

29. I prepared to eat l'ice.  I did this by tracing the chemical cascade to the point.  First, I wrote about chemical cascade.  Second, I wrote about you.  Third, I wrote about myself.  In this way, I prepared to eat l'ice by tracing the chemical cascade to the point.

30. I prepared to query the graduate attributes of Masters by Research and PhD.  I did this by engaging in perpetual University short courses.  First, I wrote for a website.  Second, I wrote essays.  Third, I taught.  In this way, I prepared to query the graduate attributes of Masters by Research and PhD by engaging in perpetual University short courses.

"]