["Green, L 2021, <i>Prevent Headaches on Train and a Bent Spine 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Prevent Headaches on Train and a Bent Spine 1 of 4



1. Aim: This argument argues to practise yoga to prevent headaches in vehicles and to prevent a bent spine.

1a.     I prepared to help technology beginners.  I did this by providing Linguistics and Applied Linguistics service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked dance.  Second, I liked machinations.  Third, I liked the chief.  In this way, I prepared to help technology beginners by providing Linguistics and Applied Linguistics service as breasonings currency.

2.    I prepared to neaten my desk.  I did this by providing Management service as breasonings currency.  First, I deciphered it.  Second, I held it.  Third, I managed it.  In this way, I prepared to neaten my desk by providing Management service as breasonings currency.

3.     I prepared to decide.  I did this by providing Mathematics and Statistics service as breasonings currency.  First, I examined the wood.  Second, I made correct choices.  Third, I strutted my stuff.  In this way, I prepared to decide by providing Mathematics and Statistics service as breasonings currency.

4.    I prepared to eat cheese.  I did this by providing Modern Greek service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote hard-held facts.  Second, I philosophised.  Third, I jeloquated (sic).  In this way, I prepared to eat cheese by providing Modern Greek service as breasonings currency.

5.    I prepared to design the architectures.  I did this by providing Music History service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote about comedy.  Second, I donated.  Third, I asked, 'What about the African American U.S. President at the start?'  In this way, I prepared to design the architectures by providing Music History service as breasonings currency.

6.    I prepared to decide what would happen.  I did this by providing Philosophy service as breasonings currency.  First, I delighted in strongholds.  Second, I imagined the deep space space station.  Third, I imagined disentangling it.  In this way, I prepared to decide what would happen by providing Philosophy service as breasonings currency.

7.    I prepared to be there still.  I did this by providing Physics service as breasonings currency.  First, I found each physis.  Second, I disarmed it.  Third, I held the rod with it.  In this way, I prepared to be there still by providing Physics service as breasonings currency.

8.    I prepared to help 'As it is'.  I did this by providing Planning and Design service as breasonings currency.  First, I design it.  Second, I dilucidated (sic) it.  Third, I enamoured it.  In this way, I prepared to help 'As it is' by providing Planning and Design service as breasonings currency.

9.     I prepared to say, 'You're smart'.  I did this by providing Political Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I gave asylum to the person.  Second, I sat up straight.  Third, I questioned it.  In this way, I prepared to say, 'You're smart' by providing Political Science service as breasonings currency.

10.   I prepared to delight in it.  I did this by providing Portuguese service as breasonings currency.  First, I dined on it.  Second, I discripiated (sic) it.  Third, I made sure that the people were happy with the train.  In this way, I prepared to delight in it by providing Portuguese service as breasonings currency.

"]