["Green, L 2021, <i>Go to Bed at 9-30 PM 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Go to Bed at 9:30 PM 4 of 4

31. I prepared to eat vegan cream.  I did this by eating the strawberry.  First, I chopped it. Second, I placed it in a bowl.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to eat vegan cream by eating the strawberry.

32. I prepared to have sweet dreams.  I did this by going to sleep.  First, I adjusted the temperature.  Second, I lay in bed.  Third, I went to sleep.  In this way, I prepared to have sweet dreams by going to sleep.

33. I prepared to run the program.  I did this by beaming the computer science content to myself.  First, I liked the computer science content.  Second, I beamed it to myself. Third, I verified that it had beamed successfully.  In this way, I prepared to run the program by beaming the computer science content to myself.

34. I prepared to like all the best things.  I did this by listening to pop.  First, I switched on the radio.  Second, I listened to pop.  Third, I stated it was pro-equality.  In this way, I prepared to like all the best things by listening to pop.

35. I prepared to give the group cones.  I did this by following God (the mistress).  First, I observed God (the facilitator).  Second, I followed her.  Third, I gave her a cone.  In this way, I prepared to give the group cones by following God (the mistress).

36. I prepared to exhibit my work.  I did this by earning 100% about computers in future classrooms.  First, I earned 100% about computers in the second future classroom. Second, I helped.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to exhibit my work by earning 100% about computers in future classrooms.

37. I prepared to eat mitochondria.  I did this by mapping the archipelagos.  First, I mapped the cities.  Second, I mapped the roads.  Third, I mapped the buildings.  In this way, I prepared to eat mitochondria by mapping the archipelagos.

38. I prepared to write about university.  I did this by becoming a writer.  First, I found the writer's bureau.  Second, I mixed with the writers.  Third, I became a writer.  In this way, I prepared to write about university by becoming a writer.

39. I prepared to have wakeful dreams.  I did this by programming myself to go to sleep. First, I found the button.  Second, I pressed it.  Third, I went to sleep.  In this way, I prepared to have wakeful dreams by programming myself to go to sleep.

40. I prepared to do something more.  I did this by writing to heaven (earth).  First, I stated that I was on earth.  Second, I stated that I knew someone else on earth.  Third, I wrote to her.  In this way, I prepared to do something more by writing to heaven (earth).

41. I prepared to sell the note.  I did this by writing a note.  First, I attended the opera. Second, I wrote a note about it.  Third, I wrote this down again.  In this way, I prepared to sell the note by writing a note.

42. I prepared to live well on earth.  I did this by stating that I was in heaven (earth).  First, I disagreed that I should be knocked down in life.  Second, I knew that it was found out.  Third, I knew that it was correct.  In this way, I prepared to live well on earth by stating that I was in heaven (earth).





"]