["Green, L 2021, <i>Nut and Bolt 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Nut and Bolt 3 of 4

21.I prepared to use the next nut and bolt.  I did this by using the nut and bolt.  First, I used the nut and bolt to fix a ring nut in place.  Second, I held the nut.  Third, I screwed the ring nut and bolt onto the bolt.  In this way, I prepared to use the next nut and bolt by using the nut and bolt.

22.I prepared to dispose of the cup.  I did this by enjoying the cafe express.  First, I stood at the counter.  Second, I ordered the cappuccino.  Third, I drank the cappuccino.  In this way, I prepared to dispose of the cup by enjoying the cafe express.

23.I prepared to make friends with the king.  I did this by stating that I am in the kingdom.  First, I found the map.  Second, I found where I was on the map.  Third, I stated that I was in the kingdom.  In this way, I prepared to make friends with the king by stating that I am in the kingdom.

24.I prepared to identify the best the part in the composition.  I did this by writing to the troubadour.  First, I chose a particular composition.  Second, I wrote a letter to the troubadour about it.  Third, I asked what it was about it.  In this way, I prepared to identify the best the part in the composition by writing to the troubadour.

25.I prepared to look forward to interacting with the kings.  I did this by loving the kings.  First, I sang a song.  Second, I ate a meal.  Third, I hiked in the bush.  In this way, I prepared to look forward to interacting with the kings by loving the kings.

26.I prepared to educate the king.  I did this by liking him having his own religion (philosophy).  First, I wrote the texts.  Second, I helped him to them.  Third, I wrote the syntheses.  In this way, I prepared to educate the king by liking him having his own religion (philosophy).

27.I prepared to write about the babies.  I did this by writing that the summary of the blog on the external website helped the kings.  First, I wrote the blog.  Second, I observed that another writer had written a summary.  Third, I observed that this helped the kings.  In this way, I prepared to write about the babies by writing that the summary of the blog on the external website helped the kings.

28.I prepared to use the shibboleth (a word that showed that I was from a particular group).  I did this by having the meditation religion (philosophy).  First, I wrote about it.  Second, I wrote about how they wrote about it.  Third, I used catchy language.  In this way, I prepared to use the shibboleth (a word that showed that I was from a particular group) by having the meditation religion (philosophy).

29.I prepared to go to Mars.  I did this by preventing the division by zero error.  First, I examined the expression for the division.  Second, I made sure that the denominator wasn't zero.  Third, I calculated the expression.  In this way, I prepared to go to Mars by preventing the division by zero error.

30.I prepared to contact famousness.  I did this by synthesising the Lean Business Model A.  First, I wrote the 10 breasoning purchasing A's theory in terms of me, you and them.  Second, I wrote the 10 breasoning purchasing A's policy in terms of me, you and them.  Third, I synthesised the A's theory and policy.  In this way, I prepared to contact famousness by synthesising the Lean Business Model A.

"]