["Green, L 2021, <i>Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 2 of 4

11. I prepared to decide. I did this by writing the Lion song argument. First, I liked the lions. Second, I enabled hithertoness (a point about a period being until now or until a point being discussed). Third, I knew about God (the leader). In this way, I prepared to decide by writing the Lion song argument.

12. I prepared to test the EEG patterns of meditators (writers). I did this by writing the Neurocode song argument. First, I wrote a computer program for academic performance. Second, I wrote a computer program for brain computation. Third, I wrote a computer program for originality. In this way, I prepared to test the EEG patterns of meditators (writers) by writing the Neurocode song argument.

13. I prepared to think of the heart clearly. I did this by writing the Plane song argument. First, I wrote about planes. Second, I loved you. Third, I loved myself. In this way, I prepared to think of the heart clearly by writing the Plane song argument.

14. I prepared to drink the soma juice. I did this by writing the Prince of Ancient Persia song argument. First, I wrote that I am a prince. Second, I wrote that you are another prince. Third, I wrote that she is a princess. In this way, I prepared to drink the soma juice by writing the Prince of Ancient Persia song argument.

15. I prepared to explain Jughead to Virginia. I did this by writing the Rebirth of Nature song argument. First, I wrote that the seed didn't germinate because of communication that the forest was dense. Second, I knew about the forest. Third, I knew that there was a limit to nature. In this way, I prepared to explain Jughead to Virginia by writing the Rebirth of Nature song argument.

16. I prepared to enjoy the peace. I did this by writing the Sea Captain song argument. First, I wrote about the sea. Second, I wrote about the captain. Third, I settled for peace, not house or song. In this way, I prepared to enjoy the peace by writing the Sea Captain song argument.

17. I prepared to each eat a pizza. I did this by writing the Seen As Version song argument. First, I wrote about the piper. Second, I wrote about Maya. Third, I wrote about everyone. In this way, I prepared to each eat a pizza by writing the Seen As Version song argument.

18. I prepared to help you up. I did this by writing the White Dog song argument. First, I helped you write a breasoning down. Second, I wrote your portfolios down. Third, I helped you to your design. In this way, I prepared to help you up by writing the White Dog song argument.

19. I prepared to like the song argument. I did this by writing the World is Best song argument. First, I wrote your king's name. Second, I wrote he wore the crown. Third, I wrote about happinesses. In this way, I prepared to like the song argument by writing the World is Best song argument.

20. I prepared to write how people can be trained for jobs. I did this by writing the Training song argument. First, I trained the people. Second, I looked at you. Third, I made you. In this way, I prepared to write how people can be trained for jobs by writing the Training song argument.

"]