["Green, L 2024, <i>Medicine of Medicine 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Medicine of Medicine 1

1. The medicine student kept only the necessary lines of code. I saved Lucian CI/CD data as Prolog, not List Prolog algorithms. I could read them more easily. In addition, I could load and edit them, running them to regenerate the algorithm. I could automatically load archived algorithms, using Lucian CI/CD to select from their code.
2. The medicine student confirmed or edited the final changes. I displayed the diff results in Prolog, not List Prolog. I could quickly find the additions, changes and deletions. These were colour and word-coded, allowing making changes. In addition, I could generate a diff HTML file showing the changes made to the final combination.
3. The medicine student labelled data as a retired feature or failed debugging attempt. I archived old tests, files and diff HTML data, placing them in a folder if they were old. Archiving them made multiple levels of undo available, which Lucian CI/CD automatically performed. I only saved new data, avoiding keeping repeating data. In addition, I saved correct configurations from the past.
4. The medicine student wrote an algorithm that made suggestions for changes to software with Lucian CI/CD. I edited and tested code on the web with Lucian CI/CD. I helped bring about the automatarchy (sic). I met the mother and Tom. The mother made it all available. Tom corrected it. I appreciated the appearance and the suggestion.
5. The medicine student wrote an algorithm that notified the programmer if they hadn't entered or verified tests for each feature of a predicate. I automatically tested the code with Lucian CI/CD online. I ran pipelines every hour. I ran pipelines on changes. The algorithm asked the human if some comments and entered tests' changes, some loaded from archives, were necessary.
6. The medicine student asked the Emeritus Professor for help with the algorithm. I corrected bugs and wrote tests. I used type flow to find unnecessary variables. I checked the file and window contents. I wrote more test cases to review the range and combinations of features.
7. The medicine student discussed the pros and cons of the algorithm, preferring expanded rather than complex code. I removed incorrect code and wrote tests. I simplified the code to debug it. I chose rules instead of lists because they were more straightforward. I documented and reused code.
8. The medicine student used neuronetworks with human-computer interaction by making suggestions about the design of interfaces to eliminate repetitive input. I caught out the middle of self-wrecking by using Lucian CI/CD. Before finishing it, I saved my progress in a series of files to eliminate unnecessary changes using Lucian CI/CD. I checked each predicate. In addition, I ran regression tests.
9. The medicine student prescribed their previous algorithm, with modifications and an argument. I automatically kept comments that I hadn't accompanied with code in Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD usually deleted comments because it couldn't test them. Lucian CI/CD kept comments containing tests. The programmer manually determined whether to keep other comments but could automatically do this if the comments had a necessary label, such as predicate description, variable description or other recognised data. 
10. The medicine student checked the intuitiveness of the comment and whether it inspired relevant activity in the algorithm. First, I checked whether a comment was necessary by checking its algorithm. Second, I found a more aesthetic comment by finding many high-quality algorithms. Third, I checked whether the comment related to the algorithm, clarifying rather than complicating it. Finally, I harvested the comments about future features to work on later.
11. The medicine student adhered to their system's rules, fixing bugs in its favour. I entered paths for self-contained groups of repositories, which Lucian CI/CD checked and saved in the original folders. These paths included open-source repositories, Prolog algorithms to run in the background, and algorithms on other servers to test different architectures and operating systems. I tried the same algorithms on different systems, making minimal modifications. Separately, I identified that incorrect tests holding up progress came from changed predicates, incorrectly entered or worked out, and recommended editing, deleting or adding to them.
12. The medicine student splayed the repositories at different locations, which the repositories saved and possibly detected for ease of use. The groups of repositories with paths could access each other in testing in Lucian CI/CD by staging them or building them in folder structures relative to each other. I gave intermediate folders names such as \\"1\\", \\"2\\", etc. In this way, one algorithm could call another with paths such as \\"../../x/x.pl\\". An installer of the repositories would need to install them at these relative paths or at a custom location path that Lucian CI/CD saved. 
13. The medicine student tested the app on different computers to which they downloaded it. I merged multiple pathways that Lucian CI/CD stored repositories at into one because this was logical on a hard disk. If locations were not at the same level, I used two copies of Lucian CI/CD to process them. For simplicity, I could also pass paths to a single copy of Lucian CI/CD. I could also re-use tests or copy algorithms to different locations.
14. The medicine student checked off each test as they programmed, describing their aims and the possibilities for tests, or they wrote the predicate and then ran tests. As mentioned, I could run separate copies of Lucian CI/CD with their repository paths. These instances of Lucian CI/CD could determine the correctness of changes to code in these repositories. They could run simultaneously, preparing code for committing and storage on the server. One programmer experienced continuous integration as they typed, removing errors each time they saved their document or used a suggestion tool to add tests or predicates between saves.
15. The medicine student made an interactive code editor with options to accept changes, enter new data and see results in real-time. Lucian CI/CD had a test format detector. The algorithm could test single or multiple variables, false and findall. In addition, the algorithm could time the test, timing out if it took too long. Finally, it could test Lucian CI/CD, testing whether the algorithm gave correct or incorrect results and suggesting possible remedies. For example, I avoided contacting an algorithm I wrote to modify easily.
16. The medicine student wrote Lucian CI/CD to monitor and correct data files. Users could call Lucian CI/CD with command-line arguments specifying a package manager registry file. There was a pretty printer for the registry file. In addition, there was an editor for the file. Editing the registry file triggered a CI/CD pipeline.

17. The medicine student checked the top of the page for Lucian's CI/CD results. I planned my time for the day with my freezing-age lifestyle. In a text file, I stored the omitted paths for each repository used with Lucian CI/CD. I added the undo and reset predicates. The algorithm omitted to change some files with tests, data and comments, where tests were loaded first (and were automatically included), and other files were loaded.
18. The medical student used the quality checker to check their database, hadn't missed any crucial ways of thinking and was ready for a professional presentation. I added the ways of thinking, one at a time, for example, the connections and simplification ways of thinking. I wrote versions of Lucian CI/CD for different programming languages, where tests and finding differences could be done in these languages. I wrote an algorithm that took the repository's history and bug-checked it with Lucian CI/CD. It bug-checked the changes to a predicate over time, and predicate dependencies ground-up, performed optimisations, kept deleted predicates if applicable, and improved uniformity policies across the repository.
19. The medicine student stored n and [n, name] in a text file for editing. I used type statements to eliminate errors in Prolog algorithms with complex data structures. I used similar structures to [n, name] to label data types. In addition, I wrote an algorithm that detected if one philosophy's algorithm changed, leading to changing other algorithms as a result. I noted whether the input and output changed, requiring changing the dependent code or diverging the copies. 
20. The medicine student rewrote the programming language to be more straightforward. I assembled Prolog data structures from other data structures. I recognised and wrote rules parsing these structures. I generated code processing the structures. I rewrote the philosophy from the new algorithm.
21. The medicine student checked the libraries for needed or similar functions. I found the debugging data to help automatically debug the algorithm. I kept \\"correctness islands\\" of unused, correct code to use in the future. I checked that the dependencies and the included files aligned with the code. I rewrote the code.
22. The medicine student protected the patient with knowledge about how to freeze their age, reducing stress and allowing them to do what they want. I stopped long-term damage from viruses with body replacement. This state enabled me to exercise each day. I deleted curly quotes from the t2b dictionary from the input file. These deletions streamlined the breasoning process, avoiding needing to edit illegal characters from the dictionary and re-enter breasonings.
23. The medicine student had a positive function. I took the zinc and vitamin B supplements and went for a run. The supplement helped prevent a runny nose. I also removed curly quotes and backslashes from the t2ba dictionaries and t2ba input files. I breasoned out the red square seen-as version and ran t2b and t2ba daily.
24. The medicine student wondered how old some of the brands were. The age-freezing help originated from the central software repository. I updated this repository over time with the advent of new technologies. I checked automatic changes in the t2b and t2ab dictionaries for correctness. The automatic offerings were not saved, and I breasoned and programmed the changes manually later.
25. The medicine student made the changes to speed up the age-freezing algorithm and promoted it. I founded a school qualifying students in Age Freezing, aiming to equip students to take the initiative to freeze their age. This qualification required computational philosophy, meditation and pedagogy, among others. Age freezing prevented the medical problem of ageing in our society. I wrote the multithreaded version of Text to Breasonings, which more quickly breasoned out life-giving breasonings on computers with multiple CPUs.
26. The medicine student briefly revealed how the algorithm BAG produced could be rewritten. Age freezing has many advantages, such as better eyesight, prevention of dementia and better dental health. It was an industry with certified online academies educating students in it. The technician wrote the BAG algorithm, which took the most recent algorithms and arguments as input, and found all combinations (AB, CB, CD -> AD word pairs) without common words to inspire age freezing, philosophy and computer science. The BAG algorithm was fast, provided original content where required, and its parameters could be modified for algorithms and arguments.
27. The medicine student agreed with the skills of the vocational institution. The future industries included the academic departments that age-freezing required. These provided jobs and were future-ready. I wrote an algorithm to find recent algorithms and arguments to input into the BAG algorithm. The education institution provided lower-priced diplomas in different languages, with vocational skill check-boxes.
28. The medical student consolidated skills in schools. I examined combinations of texts in the humanities assignment. I wrote the texts and detailed texts and started the educational institution. I segmented philosophy and computer science into separate subjects and ran BAG on each subject. The connections between groups of these subjects were higher up.
29. The medicine student learned about the age-freezing algorithm through an Internet search for the key terms \\"immortality\\" and \\"meditation\\" on the open-source software site. I thanked the inventors of age freezing for more time and a better-designed lifestyle. I enjoyed visiting the \\"festival-like\\" period in the future. I separated the times the algorithm that produced sets of breasonings was run, staying within memory limits and catching errors for a faster, more compact algorithm. I promoted the algorithm to meditators and potential meditators.
30. The medicine student found the economic and medical benefits of age freezing. I articulated good eyesight, good thinking, no dementia, muscle relaxation and good memory epistemology arguments and recommended students do the same. I researched the effects of age freezing from medical to societal perspectives. I promoted the main text file with instructions for age freezing on the social media site. I wrote documentation and pointers on other repositories to explain how to complete daily age freezing.
31. The medicine student recommended people help their loved ones with age freezing. I prioritised meditation, with computers helping children become meditators and performing daily professional requirements of age freezing. The meditator helped others with the programs they spoke to. I found that multithreaded algorithms performed faster than non-multithreaded algorithms. In addition, I prevented data loss from bugs in the BAG algorithm.
32. The medicine student taught people in their home time meditation. The immortal had time to hone their skills in various departments, including fine arts. They were mindful of the human animals in society and explored their cultures. I charged for teaching age freezing and supported the students with As. There were enough As for each person to complete.

33. The medicine student experienced continuous testing of their systems. My physiology changed to that of an immortal. All the tests for a current predicate needed to pass in Lucian CI/CD. If there were tests for the current predicate, they needed to pass - the tests for immortality, including time travel, meditation, medicine and thoughts required to pass.
34. The medical student passed their cognitive self-test. As I became immortal, my vision lasted with it. In Lucian CI/CD, all the tests for the repository needed to pass. As part of this, all the current predicates were required to pass. I saw that the tests passed from the notification.
35. The medicine student tested an idea for its programming language. In immortality, I articulated to a point in a department by meeting what I saw the requirements were. In Lucian CI/CD, I found the correct tests for the current predicates. I found the intersection of all the tests and the current predicates. I attributed relevance to an idea.
36. The medicine student resonated with those with particular interests. I helped regenerate by exercising and articulating myself. I inserted predicates with the same name and arity after predicates with that name and arity. I found the dependencies separated the predicates into new and old and found the combinations of their changes. I tested myself by talking with those around me.
37. The medicine student found the new code from the new output. I described the shows in different times and planets. I offered the option of requiring all tests in the current predicates to exist and pass. Lucian CI/CD failed if a test didn't exist or wasn't turned off (which was mentioned at the time). Lucian CI/CD sped up development by finding the new output for the predicates from the start and inputting it into other predicates, warning about missing cuts.
38. The medicine student automatically adjusted the time limit for predicates calling a predicate. I inspected the various displays with my sight. Lucian CI/CD failed code with infinite loops. This result was achieved using a catch/call_with_time_limit call, where the time limit could be adjusted in the settings. I changed the time limit for each test.
39. The medicine student asked, \\"Where am I\\"? I saw different places by space travelling in the computer game. All the Lucian CI/CD tests came from predicates from the main file's first predicate. This setup synchronised with the main file and predicate loaded in the read me file.
40. The medicine student automatically entered the other programming language's syntax. I could go anywhere I wanted in the game. I appended the list of lists rather than the list to fix a bug that prevented text files from being displayed correctly in Lucian CI/CD. The other programming languages were supported by using other converters and a different testing script. The programmer entered the other programming language's syntax in the settings file, and it was converted.
41. The medicine student's hair returned to normal. I returned to my particular state of breasonings. I tested different clauses of the same predicate together in Lucian CI/CD. So, predicates with other functions needed to be separated. In addition, I returned to the same state of my body.
42. The medicine student explained how to extract the backup from the Github_lc/tests_x.txt file, store the modification date file, and log together for easier reloading. I described the state of breasonings with high distinctions. Lucian CI/CD could find combinations of up to seven or another specified number of changes to current predicates. Seven changes, including additions, deletions and alterations, had 2^7=128 possible combinations. The program backed up the files before making changes to integrate the changes.
43. The medicine student wrote an argument about the algorithm, which was necessary because it shed light on a central idea. I determined the ideal kind of person to become immortal and wrote an essay about them. I integrated the changes to the algorithm in Lucian CI/CD. The diff algorithm in Lucian CI/CD found clusters of inserted, deleted or changed lines in \\"spaces\\" or between unchanged lines and found the simplest correct combination with tests. The best person wrote the best algorithm.
44. The medicine student articulated advanced arguments to remain immortal. The person tested their replaced body for the quality of their sight. I built the repository using dependencies and ran it on my machine. The dependencies were used for installation and testing using Lucian CI/CD. I maintained my cognition to help my vision.
45. The medicine student worked on the fundamental algorithms. I tested my ability to complete physical exercises. Lucian CI/CD retrieved tests and tested predicates with a particular name and arity. These tests were retrieved individually and tested once on the predicate set. I could get up to the more advanced algorithms in the institution.
46. The medicine student added a speed test. I maintained my personal best time after replacing my body. I sped up algorithms like Prolog to List Prolog Converter by examining the predicate bottlenecks. I counted and timed the calls to each predicate, removing unnecessary code. I avoided pitfalls that cost time, such as gluggy food and unnecessary code repetition.
47. The medicine student separated lines in Lucian CI/CD to make finding changes easier. I replaced my body to be the best person. I inserted new lines between lines with List Prolog Pretty Printer to find combinations of lines in Lucian CI/CD. The Pretty Printer recognised lines and inserted a new line after each one. I found combinations of lines rather than omitting new lines because predicates may have different combinations of lines. 
48. The medicine student discussed the advantages. I maintained my best appearance using body replacement. I avoided repeating tests in use-predicates (a:-b. and c:-b., where a and c call or use b) by eliminating b from being recalled after calling c. I recorded that b had been tested and avoided testing it later. The algorithm appeared better by saving time.

49. The medicine student entered Cutest mode and checked that the Cutest Prolog code, which contained variables that could be set to other values when they already had a value, worked. I wrote Cutest Prolog, which added mutable (changeable) variables to List Prolog so that List Prolog could be converted to List Prolog with mutable variables (including converting findall, etc., to loops), ready for converting to C. I could run the List Prolog in this intermediate state to test it. Cute Prolog (different from Cutest Prolog) expands and removes cuts, merges multiple clauses and prepares logical commands in List Prolog, and Cutest Prolog changes findall into loops with mutable variables. Converting these languages separately from each other allows testing of the intermediate code.
50. The medicine student found Cute Prolog code easy to manipulate and optimise. I tested for singletons in List Prolog because they were bugs. I corrected the singletons. I converted the code to Cutest Prolog. I tested the code and converted it to C, which I tested.

51. The medicine student got and put items in multidimensional addresses in terms. The command to find the \\"subterm with address\\" found multidimensional addresses of items in terms. For example, the address of 1 in 1 is 1. The address is 1 in [1,2] is [1,1]. The address of 2 in [[1,2],[3,4]] is [1,1,2].
52. The medicine student detected sorting and sorting without duplicates.* I detected sorting in the term. I compared the terms level by level. I noticed the items in a level were the same as the original but sorted. I could repeat this process for each level.
53. The medicine student detected swapped items in the term. I wrote item codes for each item in both terms. I checked each different item at each address. I found whether there were any swapped items. I also found any cycles for each of the three exchanged items.
54. The medicine student explored numbers derived from list lengths, string lengths, and indices of constants or other characters found from properties. I detected mathematical shifts of items in the term. I found items rotated by n. I found that n was the number of items in the top-level list. Or these different items might be rotated by n.
55. The medicine student found the nth item. I detected when the first item in a term was always moved. I took the first item in the first line or a particular line. It was moved to a new top level or collected in a new term.
56. The medicine student found various collection types based on the algorithm. I collected certain items in a term. I noticed that the second term contained items from the first term. These items may be from a particular level. Or they may be specific item numbers from each level or the second level.
57. The medicine student used collections for mainly moved or selected items. I differentiated moving and collecting items to a second term. If over half the items had been moved, it was a collection. Otherwise, if fewer than half of the items had been moved, they were moved. This classification was irrespective of the number of items.
58. The medicine student could find the part of the memory and the correct address to collect items from. Collections may have the criterion of containing a particular term. I found the term [a,_] in each item. These items were one level away from the term. Or, each item must precisely match this term.
59. The medicine student could apply optimisations. Collections may have the criterion of containing a command with a particular property. For example, I searched for the last choice point that hadn't been visited yet. I stored the stack with the most recent items first (this was why it was called a stack). I printed the name and arguments of the predicate being redone and computed each choice point.
60. The medicine student found whether the order was forward or backward. I found items inserted in order. This finding was given the items were inserted in the second term. The items may have been inserted arbitrarily based on their previous order. Or, they may have been ordered before insertion (which may be simpler).
61. The medicine student could insert brackets or a label and brackets between levels. I found the items inserted in a new level. Rather than inserting in a level, the items had been inserted in a new level between levels. For example, I inserted \\"[]\\" between levels 2 and 3 in [[b]]. Level 2 was [...], level 3 was [b], and the result was [[[b]]].
62. The medicine student selected certain labelled levels to modify. I sorted labelled levels. For example, I was given:
[
[a,
 [b,
  [c]
 ]
]].
I reordered this to:
[
[c,
 [b,
  [a]
 ]
]].
The labels were reversed but were in a hierarchy.
63. The medicine student produced a drawers diagram from top to bottom. I traversed the term depth-first, pre-order, to produce a string with this pretty printing. I was given the term: [[1,2],[[31,32],4]], or:
[
 [1,2],
 [
  [31,32],
 4]
].
Completed depth-first, the pre-order traversal resulted in [1,2,31,32,4]. This result came from printing the item before going to the next item.
64. The medicine student sometimes kept some levels together, for example, ones about a single command. I traversed depth-first to produce a string with this pretty printing. This process gave the same result as pre-order because there were no non-child nodes. It was also the same as post-order for this reason. I just pretty-printed the term by level and indent.

65. The medicine student avoided weird effects in Prolog. The medicine student kept only the necessary lines of code. These were List Prolog lines. Lucian CI/CD tested the combinations of lines, with inserted or deleted insertions and deletions, starting with a minimum set. In List Prolog, the Prolog header could be chopped and changed more quickly than Prolog, and it was harder to convert the changed List Prolog to Prolog, where it was harder for Prolog to have the same effect without the brackets of List Prolog.
66. The medicine student showed the user Prolog but broke the code into List Prolog to analyse it. I listed the advantages and disadvantages of Prolog and List Prolog representation in Lucian CI/CD. Prolog is shorter, easier to read, and allows breaking into individual commands using a pretty printer. List Prolog is needed to parse the lines and find differences in lists of lines, but it is cumbersome to read and edit. The List Prolog lines allowed differences in names, variables, and passed values to be found.
67. The medicine student admired the patterns in the uniformised code (in terms of naming A, B, C, etc. and diagonalisation in “a(A,D):-b(A,B),c(B,C),d(C,D).”). I saved Lucian CI/CD data as Prolog, not List Prolog algorithms. I read the indenting of the Prolog lines. I read the names and variables in Prolog. These names preserved the case of the original.

68. The medicine student tested undo in the application. I could read Prolog programs more easily. I ran diff on the set of algorithms. I moved them to a bin folder to stop repositories in GitL from being unwantedly deleted. I notified the user of this.
69. The medicine student completed shorter threads first. I prioritised threads manually by how long they might take or how many there were. I counted the number of recursive iterations a predicate had. I counted the length of data structures in the predicates. I sequenced the threads to take the shortest time.
70. The medicine student loaded the future computer’s quantum box algorithm to prevent headaches. I could load the Prolog algorithm in Lucian CI/CD. I compiled the algorithm to save time. The compiler helped edit the algorithm. I tested whether Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) was fast when compiled and used it to find simple code.
71. The medicine student generated code using CAW. I counted the variables needed. I wrote the base case. I wrote “find cycles in a graph”, “diff”, and “descendent” in short form. I converted to Prolog and tested each algorithm variant, or I dispensed with CAW and guessed the algorithm using patterns.
72. The medicine student reran Lucian CI/CD when a predicate had changed. I edited the algorithm in Lucian CI/CD. I started with a simple specification. I worked out central predicates (such as diff), then used program finders to generate the rest (such as find combinations), specifying in-order combinations. In addition, I merged insertions and deletions because they were treated the same in find combinations, simplifying diff.
73. The medicine student used letters from the acceptable character set. I ran a Prolog algorithm to regenerate an algorithm in Lucian CI/CD. I wrote a container command that didn’t require running the algorithm in Shell. I also wrote a web container command that ran Prolog across web pages. I compiled this algorithm and bit-compressed URL parameters.
74. The medicine student fixed unwanted empty lists and newlines. I automatically loaded archived algorithms in Lucian CI/CD. I stored a library of predicates that could be modified for use in other algorithms. I used CAW to help find the simplest predicates, including intermediate or parent predicates. I used the “Insertion_or_deletion” variable or label “id”.
75. The medicine student merged reused archived predicates to search for them faster. I used Lucian CI/CD to select from archived algorithms’ code. With multiple specifications, selecting unpredictable code (moving around values without comparing them) was more straightforward. I wrote an unpredictable language with function names such as sort, reverse and union, which used CAW and multiple specifications to find. In addition, there was a reverse sort algorithm to find.

76. The medicine student simplified repeated variables. I used Program Finder with Types and Strings with Variables (PFTSV) to transform combinations of variables. For example, I found [1, a] to [a,1] swapped the order of the arguments. I found this as well in \"[1,a]\" and \"[a,1]\". Variables saved recurring values and checked multiple specifications.
77. The medicine student clarified that PFT found repeating parts of strings, and so on, to form grammars. I created Grammar Finder from Program Finder with Types (PFT). Originally, PFT created algorithms from input and output. I decomposed the input and built the output with grammars, where hierarchic (sic), recursive grammars could exist. In these grammars, string input replaced terms.
78. The medicine student prepared to store the output as a term; for example, 1+2 became [+,[1,2]]. I wrote the grammar finder from the string. Where the original PFT took apart hierarchical input and output and found repeating parts of lists, the grammar finder searched for repeating substrings, making allowances for any types such as numbers and their particularities and then repeating structures containing these. This technique relied on enough data, often when creating a programming language’s parser, a grammar checker, a translator or a string-to-term converter. Later, I recognised specific tokens or sequences of alphabetic characters that were together.
79. The medicine student broke the spell and said that the algorithm term’s variables could be, for example, A, not _12345 (qualified by converting them from List Prolog). I wrote the grammar finder that produced the term. The string was broken into parts that were manipulated to form output terms. Sets, and then sets of sets of these formed lists of terms. The terms may be strings containing tokens from the strings.
80. The medicine student recursively changed item_a into [tag, item_a] or just found the address of each recognisable item. I wrote the input with PFT from the outputted algorithm. I took the shortcut, seeing the types the algorithm would take as input, and found input that matched these types. Given only the input and output, I found PFT by using commands that mapped input to output terms, which could be written by writing subterm with address, which mapped input to output, and did this recursively. Subterms with addresses required each data item to be tagged, i.e., [tag, value], and writing subterms with addresses required recognising and labelling the data points by dimension and manipulating these points using the dimension addresses.
"]