["Green, L 2021, <i>Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 4 of 4

31.   I prepared to collect the happy people before the concert.  I did this by collecting the happy people.  First, I wrote an invitation to the happy people.  Second, I received a letter of acceptance from the happy people.  Third, I engaged the happy people's attention.  In this way, I prepared to collect the happy people before the concert by collecting the happy people.

32.   I prepared to aim for the result to be achieved.  I did this by helping the disabled student.  First, I saw what was possible.  Second, I tried what was possible.  Third, I saw if this was successful.  In this way, I prepared to aim for the result to be achieved by helping the disabled student.

33.   I prepared to design the areas of study.  I did this by observing the man standing there.  First, I like life.  Second, I liked beating the drum.  Third, I enamoured myself to you.  In this way, I prepared to design the areas of study by observing the man standing there.

34.  I prepared to speak and act about staying in the centre.  I did this by endorsing the language philosopher.  First, I noticed the language that the philosopher used.  Second, I noticed him act as a philosopher of it.  Third, I helped him to it.  In this way, I prepared to speak and act about staying in the centre by endorsing the language philosopher.

35.  I prepared to tell a joke.  I did this by observing that the yoga for depression was laughter.  First, I identified the depression (happiness).  Second, I prevented this with laughter.  Third, I confirmed the happiness.  In this way, I prepared to tell a joke by observing that the yoga for depression was laughter.

36.  I prepared to recommend the honey to someone else.  I did this by liking the honey.  First, I held the honey in one place.  Second, I didn't move from side to side.  Third, I prevented headache causes (kept comfortable).  In this way, I prepared to recommend the honey to someone else by liking the honey.

37.  I prepared to endorse the marriage.  I did this by liking the cosmologue and Svetlana together.  First, I liked the cosmologue.  Second, I liked Svetlana.  Third, I noticed them dancing.  In this way, I prepared to endorse the marriage by liking the cosmologue and Svetlana together.

38.   I prepared to make sure the honey pot prayer worked.  I did this by collecting the British stamps.  First, I collected the red stamp.  Second, I collected the green stamp.  Third, I collected the blue stamp.  In this way, I prepared to make sure the honey pot prayer worked by collecting the British stamps.

39.   I prepared to ensure that the honey pot prayer was enjoyable.  I did this by liking writing.  First, I held the pen.  Second, I wrote with it.  Third, I connect the parts in a synthesis.  In this way, I prepared to ensure that the honey pot prayer was enjoyable by liking writing.

40.  I prepared to connect the person to the honey pot prayer.  I did this by liking Gloria Opusman.  First, I liked Gloria's manner.  Second, I liked her relishment.  Third, I liked her style.  In this way, I prepared to connect the person to the honey pot prayer by liking Gloria Opusman.

41.   I prepared to realise how the honey pot prayer worked.  I did this by moved to cancel the bumps.  First, I sat in my seat.  Second, I relaxed during the journey.  Third, I left my seat.  In this way, I prepared to realise how the honey pot prayer worked by moved to cancel the bumps.

42.  I prepared to compensate for fine movements.  I did this by stating that my head and neck muscles were like a honey-like suspension.  First, I held my head upright.  Second, I noticed it was the day.  Third, I adjusted my heading.  In this way, I prepared to compensate for fine movements by stating that my head and neck muscles were like a honey-like suspension.


"]