["Green, L 2021, <i>Laughter for Depression 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Laughter for Depression 4 of 4

31. I prepared to state that I am the person whom I am talking about.  I did this by merging with the robot (it designed the breasoning).  First, I transcended the wire with Krishna (the master) to create the breasoning.  Second, I combined two previous breasonings to design the breasoning. Third, I observed the breasoning being breasoned out.  In this way, I prepared to state that I am the person whom I am talking about by merging with the robot (it designed the breasoning).

32. I prepared to ingest the curry.  I did this by licking the curry into myself.  First, I made the curry.  Second, I inserted the spoon into the curry.  Third, I licked the spoon.  In this way, I prepared to ingest the curry by licking the curry into myself.

33. I prepared to insert the hole.  I did this by drawing the hexagon.  First, I drew the base.  Second, I drew the sides.  Third, I drew the top.  In this way, I prepared to insert the hole by drawing the hexagon.

34. I prepared to dine on the orange.  I did this by listening to the church singer.  First, I sat on the seat.  Second, I listened to the church singer.  Third, I applauded her.  In this way, I prepared to dine on the orange by listening to the church singer.

35. I prepared to state that we think of each other when we have a conversation.  I did this by thinking of you and vice versa.  First, I stated that I thought of you.  Second, you stated that you thought of me.  Third, I wrote that this was good.  In this way, I prepared to state that we think of each other when we have a conversation by thinking of you and vice versa.

36. I prepared to meditate by (think about) doing anything.  I did this by endorsing the World Government convoy.  First, I planned the route.  Second, I followed the route.  Third, I declared the convoy a success.  In this way, I prepared to meditate by (think about) doing anything by endorsing the World Government convoy.

37. I prepared to state that the rest was given for 50 As.  I did this by squeezing the rod.  First, I located the rod.  Second, I squeezed the rod.  Third, I moved on to the next one.  In this way, I prepared to state that the rest was given for 50 As by squeezing the rod.

38. I prepared to deliver the goods.  I did this by holding the harness.  First, I found the backpack. Second, I put it on.  Third, I held the straps.  In this way, I prepared to deliver the goods by holding the harness.

39. I prepared to go for a walk.  I did this by juicily exciting myself.  First, I poured the juice. Second, I drank it.  Third, I observed that I had more energy.  In this way, I prepared to go for a walk by juicily exciting myself.

40. I prepared to stay on a positive path.  I did this by holding fast.  First, I found a genuine connection with my potential meditation teacher, learned meditation and then meditated. Second, I found a genuine connection with my potential laughing partner and then laughed. Third, I stated that this was yoga for depression.  In this way, I prepared to stay on a positive path by holding fast.

41. I prepared to use the energy again and again.  I did this by licking the strawberry.  First, I picked the strawberry.  Second, I bit it.  Third, I chewed and swallowed the biteful.  In this way, I prepared to use the energy again and again by licking the strawberry.

42. I prepared to recommend the business to others.  I did this by celebrating the business.  First, I found the business.  Second, I celebrated the business.  Third, I used the business service.  In this way, I prepared to recommend the business to others by celebrating the business.



"]