["Green, L 2021, <i>Pedagogy Grades and Failure 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Pedagogy Grades and Failure 2 of 4

11. I prepared to listen to the melody.  I did this by regularly playing the music.  First, I wrote to my local member of parliament.  Second, I performed at the open mic night.  Third, I received the payment.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the melody by regularly playing the music.

12. I prepared to ask whether the person needed further help.  I did this by caring about the other person.  First, I asked if the other person needed help.  Second, I listened to her reply.  Third, I gave her help.  In this way, I prepared to ask whether the person needed further help by caring about the other person.

13. I prepared to sell the song wisely.  I did this by writing that the Venusian themed song is good too.  First, I wrote about Venus.  Second, I wrote about the song.  Third, I wrote that it was good too.  In this way, I prepared to sell the song wisely by writing that the Venusian themed song is good too.

14. I prepared to entice the viewers.  I did this by writing the 2028 New Type of Thermonuclear Energy song argument.  First, I asked what thermo-energy was.  Second, I asked what nuclear energy was.  Third, I asked what the two of them going together was.  In this way, I prepared to entice the viewers by writing the 2028 New Type of Thermonuclear Energy song argument.

15. I prepared to dine on quince meat.  I did this by writing the 2046 Cloning as Medicine song argument.  First, I asked what clones were.  Second, I asked how they affected me.  Third, I helped them to it.  In this way, I prepared to dine on quince meat by writing the 2046 Cloning as Medicine song argument.

16. I prepared to ask whether you were a robot.  I did this by writing the 2111 People Become Robots song argument.  First, I wrote about people.  Second, I wrote about arguments.  Third, I wrote about robots.  In this way, I prepared to ask whether you are a robot by writing the 2111 People Become Robots song argument.

17. I prepared to map everything nicely.  I did this by writing the 2130 Alien song argument.  First, I asked whether you were an alien.  Second, I designed you.  Third, I pictured you.  In this way, I prepared to map everything nicely by writing the 2130 Alien song argument.

18. I prepared to meet the Animal President.  I did this by writing the 2164 Animals Are Human song argument.  First, I wrote about how the animals are like us.  Second, I Demetrioued (sic) it.  Third, I happelstanded (sic) it.  In this way, I prepared to meet the Animal President by writing the 2164 Animals Are Human song argument.

19. I prepared to consider each peach sheet about things.  I did this by writing the 2271 Physical Constants Change song argument.  First, I wrote about physical constants.  Second, I decided on it.  Third, I noted it.  In this way, I prepared to consider each peach sheet about things by writing the 2271 Physical Constants Change song argument.

20. I prepared to write about spiritual power.  I did this by writing the 2279 Power from Nothing song argument.  First, I wrote about songs.  Second, I wrote about something.  Third, I wrote about the words.  In this way, I prepared to write about spiritual power by writing the 2279 Power from Nothing song argument.

"]