["Green, L 2021, <i>Quantum Box and Prayer 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Quantum Box and Prayer 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to breason out the 80-breasoning argument for conception.  I did this by feeling for the opposite sex.  First, I noticed the spiritual flag for conception that week.  Second, I noticed the mouse man.  Third, I noticed the woman from church say 'I bless it'.  In this way, I prepared to breason out the 80-breasoning argument for conception by feeling for the opposite sex.

22.   I prepared to bend over and put my forearms together if gaffer tape was tied around my hands, then raise them above my head and pull against my hips to cut off the gaffer tape (to remain safe).  I did this by feeling safe.  First, I felt safe in my warm, well-lit house.  Second, I felt safe walking during the day.  Third, I felt safe in my warm, well-lit classroom.  In this way, I prepared to bend over and put my forearms together if gaffer tape was tied around my hands, then raise them above my head and pull against my hips to cut off the gaffer tape (to remain safe) by feeling safe.

23.   I prepared to write an interpretation of the interpretation down.  I did this by anticipating Nietzsche's interpretation.  First, I found the interpretation.  Second, I wrote it down.  Third, I read it.  In this way, I prepared to write an interpretation of the interpretation down by anticipating Nietzsche's interpretation.

24.   I prepared to reveal nature's ways.  I did this by opening the quantum box up.  First, I removed the sheet of parchment from it.  Second, I read the instructions to write an A.  Third, I wrote an A.  In this way, I prepared to reveal nature's ways by opening the quantum box up.

25.  I prepared to be with-it over positivity.  I did this by testing what the prayer was (not a B, but an A).  First, I wrote the A writing algorithm.  Second, I ran it.  Third, I observed it maintained positive function.  In this way, I prepared to be with-it over positivity by testing what the prayer was (not a B, but an A).

26.   I prepared to be with-it over the 50 As (A).  I did this by writing that the spiritual algorithm breasoned out 80 breasonings from the current argument.  First, I entered the room.  Second, I observed meditation's (medicine's) algorithm present the current argument.  Third, I observed the medicine algorithm act in meditation (medicine) to breason out 80 breasonings from the current argument.  In this way, I prepared to be with-it over the 50 As (A) by writing that the spiritual algorithm breasoned out 80 breasonings from the current argument.

27.   I prepared to make sure that my day in the rooms was fine.  I did this by enjoying dialogue with the quantum box/prayer character.  First, I mentioned the first visible level of matter in the object to the character.  Second, I listened to the character negate that the level was problematic (say that it was fine).  Third, I repeated this for all the visible levels of matter in the object.  In this way, I prepared to make sure that my day in the rooms was fine by enjoying dialogue with the quantum box/prayer character.

28.   I prepared to importantly correct negative terms (present positive terms) to sell.  I did this by speaking with the ventriloquist.  First, I wrote the A.  Second, I wrote the B (agreed with the A).  Third, I wrote the contradiction (relation) down.  In this way, I prepared to importantly correct negative terms (present positive terms) to sell by speaking with the ventriloquist.

29.   I prepared to observe the doctor teach meditation (philosophy).  I did this by instructing the doctor, 'Learn meditation (philosophy)'.  First, I found the doctor.  Second, I showed him the meditation (medicine) research.  Third, I taught him meditation (philosophy).  In this way, I prepared to observe the doctor teach meditation (philosophy) by instructing the doctor to learn meditation (philosophy).

30.   I prepared to observe the patient avoid renogitation (going over it, so there was positive function).  I did this by instructing the doctor, 'Prescribe meditation (popology)'.  First, I enjoyed meditation (popology).  Second, I asked him to prescribe it.  Third, I saw him prescribe it.  In this way, I prepared to observe the patient avoid renogitation (going over it, so there was positive function) by instructing the doctor, 'Prescribe meditation (popology)'.

"]