["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 1 of 4



1. Argument about ways to prevent mental breakdowns.

Caution: Only take medication as directed by your doctor.

Either:

1a. study a University short course in self-pulse diagnosis and dot on 50 clozapines in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5) before the day.

b. or pray for a University short course in self-pulse diagnosis and dot on 50 clozapines in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5) before the day.

2. Then dot on 10 clozapines and meditate using the Green sutra to beat schizophrenic hallucination attacks and function normally.

1aa.     I prepared to enable full degrees.  I did this by providing Biomedical Engineering service as breasonings currency.  First, (bearing in mind to only take medication as directed by one's doctor) I breasoned out 10 80-breasoning Medicine As and dotted on 50 clozapines in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5 cm) before the day, then dotted on 10 clozapines and optionally meditated using the Green sutra (repeated the word) to beat schizophrenic hallucination attacks and function normally.  Second, I observed that these 10 80-breasoning Medicine As enabled me to prevent mental breakdowns.  Third, I walked in the park.  In this way, I prepared to enable full degrees by providing Biomedical Engineering service as breasonings currency.

2.    I prepared to connect them up (was active as a way of making correct choices with my brain to prevent mental breakdowns).  I did this by providing Electrical Engineering and Computer Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked the breasoner helper.  Third, I like being interested in you.  In this way, I prepared to connect them up (was active as a way of making correct choices with my brain to prevent mental breakdowns) by providing Electrical Engineering and Computer Science service as breasonings currency.

3.     I prepared to regenerate my body each day.  I did this by providing Faculty of Land and Food Resources service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the food.  Second, I ate it.  Third, I passed the food making practical.  In this way, .

4.    I prepared to eat the soft hail.  I did this by providing Associate Degree in Agriculture service as breasonings currency.  First, I developed the way to create the food.  Second, I developed the food.  Third, I ate the vegan burger.  In this way, I prepared to eat the soft hail by providing Associate Degree in Agriculture service as breasonings currency.

5.    I prepared to come and eat.  I did this by providing Associate Degree in Environmental Horticulture service as breasonings currency.  First, I made hydroponics a little charmer.  Second, I supported the sick bay.  Third, I played the saxophone everywhere in sight.  In this way, I prepared to come and eat by providing Associate Degree in Environmental Horticulture service as breasonings currency.

6.    I prepared to edit out the toxins (eat healthy food).  I did this by providing Associate Degree in Forestry Management service as breasonings currency.  First, I ranked the arguments from easiest to hardest.  Second, I aired the forest.  Third, I chewed the gum.  In this way, I prepared to edit out the toxins (eat healthy food) by providing Associate Degree in Forestry Management service as breasonings currency.

7.    I prepared to feed the children.  I did this by providing Associate Degree in Wood Products Management service as breasonings currency.  First, I housed the food (apples) in the wooden boxes.  Second, I said that the apple was the most beautiful apple.  Third, I rog-gurgitated (sic) it.  In this way, I prepared to feed the children by providing Associate Degree in Wood Products Management service as breasonings currency.

8.    I prepared to see the religious figure from 3871 be taken care of.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Agricultural Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I planted the seed.  Second, I added oat milk to it.  Third, I watched the plant grow.  In this way, I prepared to see the religious figure from 3871 be taken care of by providing Bachelor of Agricultural Science service as breasonings currency.

9.     I prepared to listen to myself clearly.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Animal Science and Management service as breasonings currency.  First, I let them go free.  Second, I said there would be too many events in the future, so the main ones will be reported.  Third, I held fast.  In this way, I prepared to listen to myself clearly by providing Bachelor of Animal Science and Management service as breasonings currency.

10.   I prepared to help the excide (sic) planet to become the central planet in the Universe.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Forest Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I observed someone saying that he prevented it being that bad (ensured conditions would remain the same).  Second, I looked forward to tens of thousands more years of life on Earth.  Third, I stated that Earth would remain pristine.  In this way, I prepared to help the excide (sic) planet to become the central planet in the Universe by providing Bachelor of Forest Science service as breasonings currency.

"]