["Green, L 2021, <i>4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
4 Glasses of Water and Exercise 45 Minutes Before Breakfast 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to eat the edible chemicals.  I did this by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the Chemical.  Second, I found the head.  Third, I joined them together.  In this way, I prepared to eat the edible chemicals by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.

12.    I prepared to offer shelter.  I did this by providing Chinese Language and Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I described the picture.  Second, I observed the water-carrying person with lower socio-economic status.  Third, I admired his tenacity.  In this way, I prepared to offer shelter by providing Chinese Language and Studies service as breasonings currency.

13.    I prepared to design the cinema screen.  I did this by providing Cinema Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I described the rod.  Second, I gave him bread.  Third, I saw his interludes.  In this way, I prepared to design the cinema screen by providing Cinema Studies service as breasonings currency.

14.    I prepared to write a comment on the annotation.  I did this by providing Classical Studies and Archaeology service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the carving.  Second, I ate an edible version of it.  Third, I annotated the clipping.  In this way, I prepared to write a comment on the annotation by providing Classical Studies and Archaeology service as breasonings currency.

15.   I prepared to examine the Computer applications.  I did this by providing Computer applications in the Social Sciences and Humanities service as breasonings currency.  First, I examined the Social Sciences.  Second, I examined the Humanities.  Third, I provided service in them.  In this way, I prepared to examine the Computer applications by providing Computer applications in the Social Sciences and Humanities service as breasonings currency.

16.    I prepared to program the computer.  I did this by providing Computer Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved breasonings.  Second, I weasoned it out.  Third, I spotted the idea.  In this way, I prepared to program the computer by providing Computer Science service as breasonings currency.

17.    I prepared to design each participle.  I did this by providing Creative Writing service as breasonings currency.  First, I manufactured the robot.  Second, I aided the conclusions.  Third, I made it with the secondary school English teacher.  In this way, I prepared to design each participle by providing Creative Writing service as breasonings currency.

18.    I prepared to examine the seen-as arguments.  I did this by providing Criminology service as breasonings currency.  First, I held the person who prevented committing a crime down to a good thing.  Second, I guided his thoughts.  Third, I admired him.  In this way, I prepared to examine the seen-as arguments by providing Criminology service as breasonings currency.

19.    I prepared to help the Earthlings along.  I did this by providing Cultural Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I decided on climatology.  Second, I helped him breathe.  Third, I cared for the environment.  In this way, I prepared to help the Earthlings along by providing Cultural Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I decided on climatology.

20.   I prepared to eat the pasta shells.  I did this by providing Development Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I developed the lady.  Second, I found her gutter.  Third, I finished it off for her.  In this way, I prepared to eat the pasta shells by providing Development Studies service as breasonings currency.

"]