["Green, L 2021, <i>Less Depression 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Less Depression 4 of 4

31. I prepared to make money in a capitalist society with breasonings currency.  I did this by performing Econometric timeline analysis of breasonings currency arguments.  First, I wrote about breasonings currency.  Second, I helped the Baroness with it.  Third, I helped the character.  In this way, I prepared to make money in a capitalist society with breasonings currency by performing Econometric timeline analysis of breasonings currency arguments.

32. I prepared to connect how you, a third party and I would use the product.  I did this by verifying economic viability of buying products.  First, I wrote how I would use the product.  Second, I wrote how you would use the product.  Third, I wrote how a third party would use the product.  In this way, I prepared to connect how you, a third party and I would use the product by verifying economic viability of buying products.

33. I prepared to help them quarryise (sic) the breasonings currency.  I did this by taking considerations of the economic viability of buying products into account.  First, I wrote about them.  Second, I held them responsible for them.  Third, I ineachiated (sic) them.  In this way, I prepared to help them quarryise (sic) the breasonings currency by taking considerations of the economic viability of buying products into account.

34. I prepared to eat from vegan seashells.  I did this by updating breasonings currency.  First, I found the speakers.  Second, I applied for the breasonings currency loan.  Third, I liked myself.  In this way, I prepared to eat from vegan seashells by updating breasonings currency.

35. I prepared to eat the product.  I did this by using the breasonings currency product daily.  First, I suggested that the children buy the product.  Second, I helped them to do it.  Third, I saw that they liked it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the product by using the breasonings currency product daily.

36. I prepared to ask, 'What about managers, song producers and the scriptwriter whose work my songs are based on?'.  I did this by calculating the breasonings currency takings to be proportional to the percent of the time, rather than the percentage of the value of the total takings.  First, I collected the takings.  Second, I calculated the time to be the physiological time (the time the cognito-physiological product took to complete in comfortable conditions).  Third, I calculated that the two employees with the same cognito-physiological times earned 1 and 2 As for 1 and 2 hours respectively, and the the lazy worker earned 1 A for 2 hour of work.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'What about managers, song producers and the scriptwriter whose work my songs are based on?' by calculating the breasonings currency takings to be proportional to the percent of the time, rather than the percentage of the value of the total takings.

37. I prepared to verify performance in all jobs.  I did this by applying breasonings currency to all jobs.  First, I prepared to award the minimum wage.  Second, I gave a certain wage to the base-level employee.  Third, I awarded a higher wage to an employee who did more important tasks, where these tasks were more important.  In this way, I prepared to verify performance in all jobs by applying breasonings currency to all jobs.

38. I prepared to use the breasonings currency.  I did this by selling products for breasonings currency.  First, I calculated how much breasonings currency I needed.  Second, I sold the product.  Third, I was given the required amount of breasonings currency as payment.  In this way, I prepared to use the breasonings currency by selling products for breasonings currency.

39. I prepared to hold the government legally accountable.  I did this by stating that all services should be government owned.  First, I stated that health should be government-owned.  Second, I stated that benefits-provision should be government-owned.  Third, I stated that the government should be government-owned.  In this way, I prepared to hold the government legally accountable by stating that all services should be government owned.

40. I prepared to be a meditation (philosophy)-only country.  I did this by stating that all services should be government maintained for breasonings currency to work.  First, I critiqued meditation (philosophy).  Second, I stated that all services should be government maintained for breasonings currency to work.  Third, I connected the two together.  In this way, I prepared to be a meditation (philosophy)-only country by stating that all services should be government maintained for breasonings currency to work.

41. I prepared to buy a new bazaar.  I did this by calculating the cost per product in breasonings currency.  First, I calculated the value per breasoning, and the total value of the breasoning currency.  Second, I equated this to the value of the product.  Third, I sold the product at this price.  In this way, I prepared to buy a new bazaar by calculating the cost per product in breasonings currency.

42. I prepared to state that the mapping of the groups of thresholds in breasonings to the groups of thresholds in breasonings currency is arbitrary, and the relationship should should be read as proportionality.  I did this by mapping the groups of thresholds in breasonings to the groups of thresholds in breasonings currency.  First, I mapped breasonings currency space to breasonings.  Second, I mapped breasonings currency time to As.  Third, I stated that this is where that there is a threshold of a product-specific number of space-uses of the product per time of times and there is a threshold of 80 breasonings per A.  In this way, I prepared to state that the mapping of the groups of thresholds in breasonings to the groups of thresholds in breasonings currency is arbitrary, and the relationship should should be read as proportionality by mapping the groups of thresholds in breasonings to the groups of thresholds in breasonings currency.


"]