["Green, L 2021, <i>Heart 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Heart 1 of 4



1. The meditator's heart is better supported.

1a.    I prepared to stay on the middle path. I did this by not eating too much or too little rigatoni. First, I put the rigatoni in the measuring cup. Second, I verified that the amount of rigatoni was 100 grams. Third, I ate the rigatoni. In this way, I prepared to stay on the middle path by not eating too much or too little rigatoni.

2.    I prepared to sit in the stalls. I did this by slowing and stopping at the line. First, I verified that I was travelling at walking speed. Second, I slowed my speed towards 0 metres per second. Third, I stopped moving my legs when I was travelling at 0 metres per second. In this way, I prepared to sit in the stalls by slowing and stopping at the line.

3.    I prepared to eat a good diet. I did this by cleaning the heart model. First, I lifted the heart model. Second, I placed a sponge on it. Third, I wiped the heart model with the sponge. In this way, I prepared to eat a good diet by cleaning the heart model.

4.    I prepared to make a tessellating (repeating) pattern. I did this by cutting the pasta shapes. First, I cut out the pasta shape in the first row and first column. Second, I cut out the rest of the pasta shapes in the row. Third, I cut out the rest of the pasta shapes in the rest of the rows. In this way, I prepared to make a tessellating pattern by cutting the pasta shapes.

5.    I prepared to increase the blood circulation in my chest. I did this by pummeling my chest. First, I lifted my hand to my chest. Second, I made a fist. Third, I pummeled my chest with the edge of my fist with my index finger and thumb along the edge. In this way, I prepared to increase the blood circulation in my chest by pummeling my chest.

6.    I prepared to relax my tongue. I did this by loosening my tongue. First, I poked my tongue out. Second, I let it hang out. Third, I raised and lowered it. In this way, I prepared to relax my tongue by loosening my tongue.

7.    I prepared to move my jaw. I did this by dropping my jaw. First, I lifted my head upright. Second, I felt my jaw become heavy. Third, I let my mouth fall open. In this way, I prepared to move my jaw by dropping my jaw.

8.    I prepared to arrive at the Pixel Lounge. I did this by massaging my neck. First, I lied on the ground. Second, I massaged the side muscles of my neck. Third, I massaged the front muscles of my neck. In this way, I prepared to arrive at the Pixel Lounge by massaging my neck.

9.    I prepared to decrease my metabolism. I did this by slowing down my heart. First, I felt my pulse. Second, I relaxed to make my heart rate decrease a small amount. Third, I checked my pulse to verify that my heart rate had decreased. In this way, I prepared to decrease my metabolism by slowing down my heart rate.

10.    I prepared to inhale a breath of air. I did this by expanding my chest. First, I contracted my diaphragm. Second, I allowed my lungs to fill with air. Third, I stopped when I had inspired enough air. In this way, I prepared to inhale a breath of air by expanding my chest.

"]