["Green, L 2021, <i>About Text to Breasonings</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"About Text to Breasonings

The technique to prevent a headache involves meditation.
Meditation improves health by helping reduce stress.

Mentally preparing to think of breasonings by thinking of god.
Users have shown breasonings to have educational as well as medical properties.
God, a person who is helping us, helps think of the breasonings that can help earn high grades, earn jobs, sell products, have children and help us medically in other ways, including preventing headaches.

Doing physical exercises to voluntarily control what is usually involuntary.
Yoga and qi gong can relax the body and allow us to control body processes that are usually involuntary.

Endowing various spiritual degrees on oneself.
Given that one can have any number of breasonings from nature for any number of breasonings, one can have degrees from any department each day for 10 breasonings, which correct, complete and do needed breasonings in those departments, often with beneficial effects.
This can help complete processes needed to prevent headaches.

Optionally using a computer to perform work without which would cause a headache.
A certain number of breasonings doesn't only satisfy the need for work but can prevent stress when work is naturally expected.

By thinking of breasonings about anything, not just what a pedagogy helper says.
In the pedagogy way, students naturally learn from a teacher before taking on more skills.
Breasonings that are written down may be successfully visualised rather than a pedagogy helper telling them to us when this particular skill, the lecturer argument, is attained.
Pedagogical arguments about switches that exist in the body and mind should be written (e.G. About how it can work and its effects) to activate them, to e.G. Prevent headaches.

Naturally think of breasonings.
This skill enables one to think of breasonings implicitly, i.E. Have them breasoned out naturally.
This argument, the recordings argument, is required for the text to breasonings algorithm to do work that in ways that is not specified, that is required to prevent headaches.

And using an algorithm to transform text into breasonings.
Text about objects can be transformed into their spiritually significant x, y and z dimensions to earn high distinctions and e.G. Trigger spiritual switches to switch off stress and prevent headaches.

Where spiritual instructions are used for the algorithm to be safe.
Safety precautions (medicine arguments) need to be used with the algorithm to make it functional properly and prevent possible haemorrhoids or conjunctivitis (from too many breasonings being given by the computer to the human or these being given improperly).

And the person to feel comfortable like from their job.
The so-called hand breasoning switch, like the job medicine argument both do things for the human in the background; the hand breasoning switch performs medicine arguments, effective for a grace period, when they have been forgotten and dots on the instance of the program when running text to breasonings, and the job medicine argument switches off back aches and pains before the pain switch can be used finally.

And the user can run the algorithm with one of three plans, which build up to the maximum breasonings per week over the recommended time.
A maximum of 100 as (where an a is 80 breasonings) can be breasoned out directly by the computer for the person per week, and the rest is placed on recordings, or not played directly.
Recordings are breasonings that are reused.
The plan that uses text to breasonings daily is most effective at preventing headaches.

And mentally switching off the headache before and at the time. .
The human or computer methods may switch off the headache.
If an impending headache is felt, it can be switched off at the time.
"]