["Green, L 2021, <i>Aigs Theatre Acting Agent</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Aigs Theatre Acting Agent

1. I prepared to compare the reasons of the actor and character.  I did this by stating that I loved Aigs acting.  First, I thought of the overarching Aigs (theme).  Second, I related the current line to the Aigs.  Third, I thought of the reason for the line.
2. I prepared to act on television or film.  I did this by stating that the actor meditated before using Aigs.  First, I started my daily routine.  Second, I meditated.  Third, I used Aigs.
3. I prepared to examine the characters' faces.  I did this by stating that the actor enjoyed using the monocle costume item from the Aig.  First, I removed the monocle from its case.  Second, I placed it between my right eye brow and bottom of eye.  Third, I took it out and wiggled me eyebrows.
4. I prepared to found you.  I did this by recording what I knew the characters were thinking in the Aigs.  First, I found the dream.  Second, I found the dream's dream.  Third, I found the dreams' dreams' dreams.
5. I prepared to record.  I did this by recording that the self knew the other knew the self.  First, I stated that the self was known.  Second, I observed that the other knew the self.  Third, I stated that the self knew the other, who knew the self.
6. I prepared to be a dear.  I did this by recording the image of nurturing the nurturers in Aigs.  First, I found the nurturing presence.  Second, I nurtured it.  Third, I recorded the image.
7. I prepared to power the pommelles.  I did this by knowing what music about the character from the Aig meant and played it.  First, I found the character.  Second, I found her music.  Third, I played it.
8. I prepared to cross-connect over four pomodoros.  I did this by inputting As to access the acting agent Aigs.  First, I found the acting As.  Second, I inputted the acting Aigs.  Third, I found the acting agent Aigs.
9. I prepared to notice the famous audience member.  I did this by inputting the As to access the Aigs parts for the audience members.  First, I found the As.  Second, I inputted the As.  Third, I accessed the Aigs parts for the audience members.
10. I prepared to receive the accolade.  I did this by using medicine to prevent a headache from Aigs (maintained head comfort).  First, I used spiritual medicine to prevent a headache.  Second, I used Aigs (a spiritual switch that helped me stay confident when acting by projecting imagery).  Third, I worked the acting shift.
"]