["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition 8</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition 8

71. He won in other languages.  The meditator (philosopher) won the competition with 8 balls.  He vaguely mind-read himself 8 times.  He used a computer to select the most accurate reading.  For example, the best reading on the topic of the maze was 'promenade', 'valley'.
72. I won by breasoning out meditation.  I won with spirit by making sense in the competition.  There were spiritual things even after atom translation.  There were breasonings.  There was meditation.
73. I graphed the performances to work out the most likely winner.  I knew about competitionism (I endorsed the competitor).  I read the past performances of the competitors.  I found the best competitor.  I endorsed the competitor.
74. The draft was the subject of the analysis.  I examined the computational competition.  I competed (performed).  I entered the way I performed on computer.  I entered the way I competed on computer, for example I wrote and redrafted serious documents.
75. I labelled items to reuse and reduce the number of databases.  Competition is intelligent.  I modified the decision tree to recognise reused sequences.  I modified the translator of documents with no translate sections to remember translations.  I redrafted the installation instructions to be clearer.
76. I took away fond memories.  In this kind of competition, one person is left in and the other person is left in.  They rotated roles.  They were still good.  Everyone won.
77. The answer seemed too obvious.  The competition prevented mental illness (maintained sanity).  When the standards were met, the way included positive function.  It was a competition of one.  Many people did it.
78. Society went along with progress and science.  Everyone raised their fist at the start of the competition.  The socialists argued for equality.  Equality, not necessarily equity.  There were no compromises.
79. The model was independent of attachment to objects, and was based on safety.  The competition was in object formula finder.  The time travel circuit was found.  It was found by accident.  More was found around it when it was found.
80. It was to breason it out, and more.  I recommended competencies in competitors to be conceived.  The competency practicum was written before the competitor was conceived.  It was breasoned out.  The competitor was conceived.
"]