["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition 3

21. The winner was especially recognised.  People picked up speed with competition.  The starting gun went off.  The competitors picked up speed.  The top 3 finalists were recognised.
22. I recorded information when I looked up.  The third eye processed the oncoming ray from the most illustrious competition.  I heard them coming.  I looked up.  I read the number on the competitor's vest.
23. I could think clearly in a short time.  I wrote and won cosmic competitions in fine arts with language.  I noticed the vag technology.  I visualised the database problem using medicine technology in my mind.  I said the answer.
24. Clarity led to the pursuit of merit.  I solved society's problems with competition.  There was enough money.  There were enough clear-thinking people.  The people made money in the competition.
25. I was still there.  I prevented the problem with pedagogy before conception.  I detected the number of breasonings.  I breasoned out the rest.  I helped them for next time.
26. The air also didn't escape into space.  The competitor solved the space-air paradox.  Why are there some particles in space, but we cannot survive?  Can we swim in space with technology.  The technology was a holocap.  
27. The intransitive verb, walked, was allowed.  The competitor with the larger closest object in the logos won the competition.  The logos was the reason.  The first competitor's reason was 'I bowled the ball at the pins'.  The second competitor's reason was 'I walked to the house', and won.  
28. I explored losing as well.  I agreed with the competition.  I found the competitor.  I saw he was weaker.  I agreed with (was stronger than) him.
29. It was the time to avoid wasting time.  I noticed what the children said.  I overheard the two children talking.  One said that she lost by a larger margin.  She learnt more.
30. I noticed an algorithm with a maze between the additive and subtractive improvements.  The competition was staged.  I noticed the stage.  I noticed the additive improvements.  I noticed the subtractive improvements.
"]