["Green, L 2021, <i>Competition</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Competition

1. I didn't know I was a competitor.  There should be competition in each field.  There was no popularity contest.  Only voting where it was intelligent, not badly organised.  There was competition of merit.
2. Each person was automatically entered into the competition.  There was a competition.  There was a person.  She was automatically entered into the competition.
3. Bots could meditate and breason it out.  I met professional requirements of 50 As per work.  There were machines that could write.  They could walk around like humans.  They were linked to Pedagogy.
4. Meeting requirements was necessary for competition.  I met personal requirements.  I was law-abiding.  I was healthy.  I aimed for pedagogy.
5. There was a reward.  There was a competition framework.  There were goals.  There were ways of achieving the goals.  There were ways of assessing whether the competitors achieved the goals.
6. The reward was given for being mind read and finishing the maze.  Everyone tried and everyone was rewarded.  Mind reading achieved 100% coverage of trying.  There were mazes of thinking of a breasoning rather than not, to advance to the next square.  The vague mind reading helped achieve the goal, rather than necessarily competing.
7. I liked breasonings and equality - and economic freedom.  I performed better by using the daily regimen to go to church (play the note).  Confidence blocks and blocks from lack of practice were cleared.  I maintained a high level of performance.  I functioned (played the note) positively.  
8. I made the improvements and fixed the bugs.  There was competition word warfare.  They were positive terms.  There were 50 As.  50 Bs turned off anything else.  Bs were improvements needed or bugs.
9. Humanities business was in higher education, etc.  The other (didn't) prevent a headache (maintained comfort) using the daily regimen making them (un)fit to compete.  It also prevented muscle aches and pains.  I mind read that the person was in pain, prevented it continuing, and mind read that they were relieved.  It meant they could compete.
10. There was competition in writing a better daily regimen.  The daily regimen was on television, leading to more competition.  It was researched.  It was part of meditation books.  It was an area of study.
"]