["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia)</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia)

1.  I prepared to reach threshold in Medicine education.  I did this by stating that I knew that it was all right.  First, I had clear vision.  Second, I was happy.  Third, I was happy from full brain potential.
2. I prepared to identify the object before its properties.  I did this by stating that hyle (objects rather than properties) were stronger than qualia (properties rather than objects).  First, I found the object.  Second, I stayed focused on it.  Third, I recorded it.
3. I prepared to draw the appearance (including the switch and pedagogy).  I did this by stating that I didn't see (saw) appearances.  First, I set up the small stage.  Second, I placed the actor model in it.  Third, I viewed the appearance of the stage.
4. I prepared to see beauty.  I did this by switching the appearances off (on) in God's ontology.  First, I found the object.  Second, I turned it on.  Third,  I continued on.
5. I prepared to recommending the advanced utterance.  I did this by stating that I protected the person by preventing (showing) appearances.  First, I found the information to protect the person.  Second, I showed it to them.  Third, I verified they had understood it.
6. I prepared to love you.  I did this by stating that you loved me by writing about the appearance.  First, I saw the appearance.  Second, I described it to you.  Third, you wrote about it.
7. I prepared to help the community.  I did this by stating that I knew the person who agreed with you.  First, I found the reliable person.  Second, I agreed with him.  Third, I stated I knew him.
8. I prepared to acknowledge the teacher.  I did this by taking part in activity to remain active.  First, I was active until I had finished.  Second, I found the most intelligent thing to do.  Third, I was well-cared for.
9. I prepared to eat pure foods.  I did this by eating the food to remain healthy.  First, I ate rice.  Second, I ate miso.  Third, I ate soy tofu.
10. I prepared to help others.  I did this by stating that the other found out about the self.  First, I remained on the plan.  Second, I saw the other.  Third, I maintained the switchboard.
"]