["Green, L 2021, <i>Future</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Future

1. I prepared to enjoy grand health.  I did this by setting the slider at the proportion of ideality for science.  First, I set the slider at maximally ideal.  Second, I ate.  Third, I didn't hanging upside down.
2. I prepared to support a larger population.  I did this by stating there was a limit to the world's population.  First, I found the virtual jobs.  Second, I found the virtual students.  Third, I found virtual accommodation.
3. I prepared to state that there was a magical surplus energy in the universe.  I did this by stating that the leader tested the metal frame for the house.  First, I specified the dimensions of the steel.  Second, I found the source.  Third, I replicated it.
4. I prepared to invite the cow to a customised class for her.  I did this by stating that there were vegan alternatives to cows.  First, I synthesised the creatinine.  Second, I synthesised the thymine.  Third, I synthesised the animal fat.
5. I prepared to help the others catch up with an app for manual medical meditation (mind reading to help with thoughts).  I did this by stating that all people were taught meditation.  First, I helped the parents before conception.  Second, I taught the child meditation.  Third, I noticed medical benefits.
6. I prepared to encourage naturally intelligent assignments.  I did this by stating that all students were taught pedagogy as a core subject.  First, I credited the student's thoughts as an accredited assignment.  Second, I encouraged him to detail it.  Third, I encouraged creativity.
7. I prepared to expand the uses until a cycle was found.  I did this by stating that all conceptions should be given 50 As.  First, I asked if the student knew what I meant.  Second, I spiritually time travelled and gave the 50 As.  Third, I did this for all thoughts.
8. I prepared to state that the school was my partner and me.  I did this by state that everyone was sexually free.  First, I found a partner.  Second, I wrote about my relationship with him.  Third, I made sure that it was safe.
9. I prepared to be equitable rather than equalitarian.  I did this by state that all things (e.g. job requirements) were equitable.  First, I found the appropriate job requirements for the person.  Second, I stated that the institution was automated.  Third, I stated that bots were the computer aided learning characters.
10. I prepared to write on pedagogy.  I did this by stating that there was proper medicine for everyone.  First, I gave pedagogy to the next child.  Second, I took many years to think about it.  Third, I stated that occupation with pedagogy was medicine.
"]