["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm - Student</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"God Algorithm - Student

1. I prepared to state that it was because I was the student.  I did this by stating that the student wrote the name of the object that the teacher stated.  First, I attended class.  Second, I listened to the teacher say the name of the object.  Third, I wrote it down.
2. I prepared to see the play from two positions.  I did this by examining the amphitheatre.  First, I examined the arc.  Second, I walked towards the seats.  Third, I walked up the stairs.
3. I prepared to use the object for a purpose.  I did this by stating that I knew why the object was that particular object.  First, I recognised the object.  Second, I remembered that the object in mind had that particular purpose.  Third, I verified that the object I saw had the same purpose.
4. I prepared to check the algorithm for errors.  I did this by stating that I knew where the object was.  First, I saw the object on the screen.  Second, I moved it.  Third, I made a computer algorithm from the behaviour.
5. I prepared to observe the trend.  I did this by stating that the two subjects found an object each.  First, I observed the first subject find an object.  Second, I observed the second subject look at the object.  Third, I observed the second subject find the same type of object.
6. I prepared to find more intelligent connections (between consecutive items, or a maximum of five apart).  I did this by telling the other the name of the object.  First, I saw and recognised the object.  Second, I repeated its name silently in my head.  Third, I said its name to the other.
7. I prepared to favour connections rather than word processors, etc.  I did this by stating that I knew when the object was made.  First, I examined the object.  Second, I found the date of manufacture engraved on it.  Third, I also read the place of manufacture.
8. I prepared to compare the objects.  I did this by writing down the object's historical dimensions.  First, I wrote down the object's dimensions.  Second, I opened the history book.  Third, I wrote down a similar object's dimensions.
9. I prepared to do what the other did.  I did this by stating that the other used the object in the present.  First, I chose the object.  Second, I used it.  Third, I documented it.
10. I prepared to do more work.  I did this by stating that the other was in the present because she was holding the object.  First, I found the marker.  Second, I held it up.  Third, I performed more work.
"]