["Green, L 2021, <i>Green_Sutra</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Green Sutra

1. I prepared to bug check code.  I did this by mentally and physically invoking a life.  First, I thought of intelligent ideas.  Second, I used IVF.  Third, I maintained the life with activity.
2. I prepared to think of the ramifications of my research.  I did this by touching and acting on the synon-object.  First, I found the topologically equivalent object.  Second, I found the functions of the brain cells with machine learning.  Third, I used knowledge about the brain cells to think clearly.
3. I prepared to lead the good life.  I did this by loving God.  First, I ploughed well.  Second, I articulated well. Third, I wrote well.
4. I prepared to star in my work.  I did this by loving the flower of life.  First, I performed extremely well in activity.  Second, I dispensed with tiredness or surrendering.  Third, I concentrated on activity.
5. I prepared to and verify planning and research.  I did this by knowing that all was all right.  First, I built the base of extreme performance.  Second, I built the walls of extreme performance,  Third, I built the ceiling of extreme performance.
6. I prepared to stating that it is alright for each person to meditate if they want to.  I did this by thinking of all.  First, I remembered a category of people.  Second, I wrote their names down.  Third, I thought of them.
7. I prepared to help the people.  I did this by writing on all.  First, I thought of the person.  Second, I thought of where they were up to.  Third, I wrote it and the date down.
8. I prepared to notice the Lucian Effect.  I did this by teaching others.  First, I taught the person.  Second, they taught someone else.  Third, I noticed the positive effects.
9. I prepared to give a high distinction for the Green sutra.  I did this by giving a high distinction to others.  First, the person submitted work.  Second, I graded the work. Third, I gave a high distinction to the person.
10. I prepared to test the product.  I did this by earning a high distinction.  First, I wrote the sutra.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I earned a high distinction by breasoning it out.
"]