["Green, L 2021, <i>Honey Pot Prayer</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Honey Pot Prayer

1. I prepared to look at things in the car.  I did this by maintaining blood flow in the head and neck muscles to prevent a headache in the car using the honey hot prayer.  First, I helped blood flow.  Second, I prevented pressure.  Third, I relaxed my muscles.
2. I prepared to automate the spiritual honey flow.  I did this by stating that I was rewarded with the lower leaves like head and neck muscles when I thought of upper leaves like cheeks clearly .  First, I thought of my cheeks.  Second, I relaxed my head and neck muscles as a result.  Third, I ate the spiritual honey from the leaf when I was completely relaxed.
3. I prepared to eat honey, like blood flowing to my head.  I did this by stating that the blood was like honey in that it was like a liquid.  First, I drew blood pumping from my heart to my organs.  Second, I drew the honey in the pot.  Third, I drew it flowing.
4. I prepared to do nothing because there was nothing to do.  I did this by stating that the cell components function perfectly.  First, I stirred the pot.  Second, I turned off the cell components.  Third, I went to it and got it.
5. I prepared to find a calm place.  I did this by stating that the blood flow rate and stress was reduced with calmness.  First, I listened to the loud sound, increasing my blood flow rate and stress.  Second, I moved away from the loud sound.  Third, my blood flow rate and stress decreased.
6. I prepared to decrease lactic acid with a quantum switch.  I did this by stating that the calcium from overactive muscle was ignored, preventing pain.  First, I used my muscle, increasing the calcium in them.  Second, I waited for the lactic acid to dissipate.  Third, I was in a state of comfort.
7. I prepared to state that the body's muscles relaxed.  I did this by stating that the body takes over when the heart rate decreases.  First, I finished exercising.  Second, my body took over.  Third, I relaxed.
8. I prepared to tell others about the calmness technology.  I did this by stating that the calmness technology was a relaxed heart rate sound.  First, I found the relaxed heart rate for the person.  Second, I played the heart rate sound at that rate.  Third, my heart adjusted to relax.
9. I prepared to say that the behaviour and positive thinking was the quantum box with 250 breasonings breasoned out by the text to breasonings algorithm.  I did this by stating that the particles stayed in position for the correct function.  First, I put it aside and planned to conduct text to breasonings research when my academy became accredited.  Second, I found the instantly relaxed hand.  Third, I found the relaxed skin pressure.
10. I prepared to emphasise that personal breasoning writing ensured the effectiveness of spiritual medicine.  I did this by stating that medicine prevented a headache.  First, I prepared for text to breasonings (see About Text to Breasonings below).  Second, I studied Education and Medicine.  Third, I followed the instructions in How to Prevent a Headache (see below).
"]