["Green, L 2021, <i>Hours Prayer</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Hours Prayer

1. I prepared to make a game from ontological nothingness.  I did this by stating that the Hours Prayer enabled you to know me.  First, you knew my thoughts at each hour.  Second, I knew you.  Third, you knew me.
2. I prepared to delight in it.  I did this by knowing the Hours Prayer.  First, I recited the Hours Prayer.  Second, I found what you meant for me to say.  Third, I said it.
3. I prepared to design inherentana (sic) and onnahope (sic).  I did this by coming to the conclusion.  First, I listened to the hourly impetus.  Second, I thought of the connection to the conclusion.  Third, I thought of the conclusion.
4. I prepared to connect the hours together.  I did this by meditating on the hour.  First, I stopped on the hour.  Second, I compared with my plan.  Third, I saw what I wanted to.
5. I prepared to design new hours.  I did this by examining what the hour meant.  First, I found the hour.  Second, I found what it meant.  Third, I examined it.
6. I prepared to read all texts on the hour.  I did this by understanding the text.  First, I read the text.  Second, I found what it meant.  Third, I read another text.
7. I prepared to design lots of preludes.  I did this by producing the Hours Prayer using the electron producer.  First, I moved the electron.  Second, I moved it well.  Third, I went well.
8. I prepared to work on the text.  I did this by producing the output to the Hour Prayer algorithm.  First, I wrote the algorithm to output what I wanted on the hour.  Second, I asked for help.  Third, I received help.
9. I prepared to have perfect expression.  I did this by writing the hit of the hour.  First, I sweetened the algorithm to write the best statement.  Second, I knew it.  Third, I knew you too.
10. I prepared to check the character byte against nature.  I did this by writing the byte as the result of the thoughts from the Hours Prayer.  First, I drew all designs.  Second, I chose the best one.  Third, I wanted it.
"]