["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian_Mantra_-_Pure</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lucian Mantra - Pure

1. I prepared to repeat the mantra, which, like the sutra, removed unwanted thoughts.  I did this by thinking of consciousness.  First, I devised education.  Second, I enabled the student to write strong arguments.  Third, I enabled them to earn high grades.
2. I prepared to create the head of state and influence myself to work things out in a particular way with the head of state.  I did this by thinking of a reason for consciousness.  First, I read the claim.  Second, I thought of when I had read it before.  Third, I adjusted or rewrote the reason for the claim.
3. I prepared to control my reality by developing a belief using a hypothetical case.  I did this by adhering to the truth.  First, I participated in a different activity.  Second, I created impetus.  Third, I revised for studies or an examination in a course.
4. I prepared to find politics.  I did this by examining the hypothetical.  First, I found the best possible conclusion.  Second, I thought of 15 reasons.  Third, I attributed 50s to each sentence.
5. I prepared to perform an action by deciding that it is the best one for, for example environmental and dietary reasons.  I did this by examining the other.  First, I thought of a dance movement.  Second, I associated it with changing to studying for a test.  Third, I thought of dancing to perform well.
6. I prepared to divide knowledge from creativity.  I did this by examining the self.  First, I produced the exposition from learning.  Second, I produced the critique from learning.  Third, I produced a critical critique and solved it from learning.
7. I prepared to help the body relax, prevent stress and develop and function better with meditation.  I did this by ensuring that the self thought before the other.  First, I thought of the first meaning of the dance movement.  Second, I thought of the second meaning of the dance movement.  Third, I related these to performing a particular action.
8. I prepared to mind read animals.  I did this by visualising and performing the action.  First, I mind read the connection to the bodily action.  Second, I found the mentally recorded words.  Third, I found the correlation with human received representations with learning.
9. I prepared to verify my actions.  I did this by assessing the other performing the action.  First, I stated the the mantra was a vital tool for caring for the self.  Second, I earned high distinctions.  Third, I managed my responsibilities.
10. I prepared to write about the mantra algorithm.  I did this by helping write on the interesting points as Maharishi.  First, I explained the programming command.  Second, I wrote the implication of the command.  Third, I explained what state of the algorithm the command was according to its commented status.
"]