["Green, L 2021, <i>Meditation Protector Currant Bun</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Meditation Protector Currant Bun

1. I prepared to teach the meditation protector currant bun sutra.  I did this by helping the other to the Meditation Protector Currant Bun.  First, I identified the Honours student.  Second, I identified that he didn't use the meditation protector currant bun sutra and had a headache.  Third, I recommended the meditation protector currant bun sutra.
2. I prepared to move smoothly.  I did this by traversing the head and neck muscles' hierarchy to prevent headache from post-Honours meditation using the meditation protector currant bun.  First, I found the largest neck muscle.  Second, I traversed the increasingly smaller muscles.  Third, I relaxed them to prevent a headache.
3. I prepared to focus on science.  I did this by stating that the astronaut used the meditation protector currant bun.  First, I researched non-invasive means of preventing headaches.  Second, I found the method.  Third, I performed the prerequisites and breasoned out 250 breasonings from the meditation protector currant bun sutra.
4. I prepared to simplify the solution.  I did this by preventing a headache from PhD, Honours and Masters by using the rhythm and currant metaphors of the meditation protector currant bun.  First, I said rhythm was preventing, not causing a headache.  Second, I stated that the currant gave a positive, not negative sensation.  Third, I experienced the currant with a particular property.
5. I prepared to pursue natural law.  I did this by stating that the meditation protector currant bun was part of natural law.  First, I found the comfortable place.  Second, I found the law.  Third, I was protected under natural law.
6. I prepared to feel light.  I did this by stating that the meditation protector currant bun enabled me to merge with the positive solution.  First, I was positive.  Second, I stated that the room was for positive people.  Third, I walked into the room.
7. I prepared to substitute back into English.  I did this by stating that English is based on Philosophy.  First, I found the philosophy.  Second, I found the English narrative based on it.  Third, I reverse engineered the philosophy.
8. I prepared to calm the senses.  I did this by stating that the meditation protector currant bun is a sight and sound for sore eyes and ears respectively.  First, I turned off the light.  Second, I stopped listening to the sound.  Third, I went to sleep.
9. I prepared to enjoy the comfort of food.  I did this by stating that literature helped prevent the headache.  First, I examined the literature of the rhythm.  Second, I examined the literature of the currant.  Third, I ate the currant in time.
10. I prepared to enjoy work.  I did this by stating that the worker stayed at work because of having a comfortable head.  First, I treated work as a second home.  Second, I enjoyed it.  Third, I stated that I moved on.
"]