["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances - Student</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Moving Appearances - Student

1. I prepared to capture it (the object).  I did this by using the noumena of the moving appearances.  First, I found the noumena.  Second, I found their moving appearances.  Third, I used the noumena.
2. I prepared to observed the other.  I did this by observing the other scheduling the moving appearances.  First, I found the moving appearances.  Second, I scheduled them.  Third, I told the other to schedule them.
3. I prepared to be un-bored.  I did this by knowing when the moving appearance was scheduled.  First, I found you.  Second, I found what you meant.  Third, I designed it.
4. I prepared to note everything.  I did this by knowing what time I wanted the moving appearance to appear.  First, I stated that the moving appearance was memories of the other.  Second, I loved them.  Third, I kept the other.
5. I prepared to imitate work at work.  I did this by noticing the moving appearances of God.  First, I found the job.  Second, I helped him up.  Third, I defeated death.
6. I prepared to decide on more things.  I did this by stating that the clock struck one, meaning we need competency in meditation.  First, I found competency.  Second, I found competency in meditation.  Third, I decided it, like running up the clock.
7. I prepared to state that the other universe was really part of our universe.  I did this by discovering the true essence in time.  First, I found time.  Second, I found its true essence.  Third, I found that the other universe didn't exist in that case.
8. I prepared to see what was needed.  I did this by meditating to make the moving appearances appear.  First, I frolicked around.  Second, I jumped up and down.  Third, I harmonised with myself.
9. I prepared to relate to the others.  I did this by finding the infinitesimally interesting language of the moving appearances.  First, I found what I wanted.  Second, I spoke with it.  Third, I designed more things.
10. I prepared to move                                                                                                                                                                                       creatively.  I did this by stating that I didn't like Febrvarius' (sic) quotes about moving appearances.  First, I found you.  Second, I like what you said around the time about moving appearances.  Third, I completed it.
"]