["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Moving Appearances

1. I prepared to calculate the object's speed.  I did this by stating that I knew what the moving appearance was.  First, I saw the gold balloon.  Second, I saw it move.  Third, I put it aside.
2. I prepared to state that what you did was how it worked.  I did this by stating that I knew how the moving appearance worked.  First, I knew you.  Second, I knew what you did when you moved.  Third, I exhaled it.
3. I prepared to copy and move.  I did this by stating that the unnatural mimicked the golden ratio in the air.  First, I found the golden rectangle.  Second, I found the air.  Third, I artificially projected the golden rectangle in the air.
4. I prepared to examine my movement.  I did this by recording my movement.  First, I recorded my starting position.  Second, I moved.  Third, I recorded my ending position.
5. I prepared to make things up.  I did this by stating that I knew the fact about the man.  First, I found his ruler.  Second, I found its height.  Third, I examined it.
6. I prepared to plan the mathematical appearance.  I did this by stating that I knew how the reason for the moving appearance worked.  First, I found what the people meant.  Second, I wanted it.  Third, I carried it out well.
7. I prepared to take good actions.  I did this by seeing what the moving appearance was.  First, I looked inside it.  Second, I recorded its reason.  Third, I examined what it meant because of it.
8. I prepared to panic on the streets of Lebanon.  I did this by performing the action after viewing the moving appearance.  First, I dissected the specimen.  Second, I found what the moral science was.  Third, I left after moving it.
9. I prepared to deanimate the clock in my mind.  I did this by telling the time from the moving appearance.  First, I found the clock's hour hand.  Second, I found the number that it pointed to.  Third, I found it tentaclising (sic) the time.
10. I prepared to do the past before the future.  I did this by working out when the moving appearance was.  First, I worked out when something should occur.  Second, I saw the moving appearance.  Third, I noticed Totem Colero's contribution.
"]