["Green, L 2021, <i>No Radiation 3 of 25</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"No Radiation 3 of 25

1. I prepared to delight the audience.  I did this by finding a larger field for repeating famousness.  First, I found Ovid.  Second, I repeated famousness.  Third, I meant something else.
2. I prepared to be blown away.  I did this by stating that existing pedagogy will work.  First, I thanked it.  Second, I existed.  Third, I did MOOCs (massive open online courses).
3. I prepared to decide willingly.  I did this by stating that existing meditation will work.  First, I found you.  Second, I wanted you.  Third, I wasn't racist.
4. I prepared to vive la différence.  I did this by stating that new time medicine will work.  First, I loved daddy long legs.  Second, I hinted at it.  Third, I wanted you.
5. I prepared to ask, 'What are they?'.  I did this by stating that time lascelles are protected.  First, I found you.  Second, I wanted you.  Third, I wanted it.
6. I prepared to engage well.  I did this by stating that I showered when I arrived home.  First, I went through the time machine.  Second, I showered when I got home.  Third, I wondered where that went.
7. I prepared to excel.  I did this by time travelling to explore famousness.  First, I found myself going well.  Second, I asked, 'Who's that?'.  Third, I thought that you are a genius too.
8. I prepared to be responsive.  I did this by stating that I am above time now.  First, I thought of time.  Second, I thought of aboveness over it.  Third, I went to it.
9. I prepared to do it instantly.  I did this by doing the following and praying to do the following before arriving: I meditated on the impact.  First, I looked at the blast.  Second, I held fast.  Third, I found more people there.
10. I prepared to reassure people that meditation was done for them automatically.  I did this by stating that my body can survive for several seconds after arriving in a time.  First, I found you.  Second, I meditated.  Third, I thought of the clique about whether I had seen the person somewhere else before.
"]