["Green, L 2021, <i>No Radiation 1 of 25</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"No Radiation 1 of 25

I used a sensor to detect heat, light and safety at the destination of time travel.
1. I prepared to time travel.  I did this by closing the sola-cele (sic).  First, I found the sun.  Second, I found the hole in the reasoning.  Third, I closed the hole.
2. I prepared to work.  I did this by noticing the social supercomputer of 27XX.  First, I found the way to go there.  Second, I found the people.  Third, I found their supercomputer.
3. I prepared to be in terms of science.  I did this by researching science.  First, I found each way that I was in science.  Second, I was that way.  Third, I stayed that way.
4. I prepared to stay in place, and so feel that it is safe.  I did this by stating that my life was protected from transcending time.  First, I asked, 'Isn't transcending a positive term, so isn't transcending time a positive term?'.  Second, I received the reply, 'Transcending time is a negative term'.  Third, I received the further statement, 'Don't do it'.
5. I prepared to experience that the person who was going to kill their earlier self wouldn't arrive through the Closed Time-like Curve (in our universe) when time travelling to do it, so it wasn't experienced in our universe.  I did this by stating that history was perfect.  First, I liked it.  Second, I wanted more.  Third, I wanted you.
6. I prepared to time travel where I liked meditation.  I did this by stating that the Meditation teacher time travelled and taught meditation.  First, I used a proper time machine that didn't accept radiation.  Second, I said it was my iPad with the equivalent of a lead box around me.  Third, I meditated before and afterwards.
7. I prepared to .  I did this by visiting the airport and explaining that I was a time traveller.  First, I visited the airport.  Second, I explained that I was a time traveller.  Third, I asked, 'Can't the police help with the perfect prediction artificial intelligence?'.
8. I prepared to move more.  I did this by stating that there were well-known time traveller time points on Earth.  First, I walked to the point.  Second, I travelled.  Third, I loved it.
9. I prepared to be myself.  I did this by visiting harmless people.  First, I found you.  Second, I did what I wanted.  Third, I stated that you were alive.
"]