["Green, L 2021, <i>Nut_and_Bolt</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Nut and Bolt

1. I prepared to help the cell perform its function in the body.  I did this by taking the biological specification for the body from the quantum box and synthesising the chemical parts using the nut and bolt, for example I itemised the chemicals in food.  First, I prepared to perform the action as if the record of it was transmitted.  Second, I relaxed and visualised performing the action.  Third, I performed the action.
2. I prepared to walk using the nut and bolt.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the skeletal system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the first bone.  Second, I found the joint.  Third, I found how the bone fit into the joint using the nut and bolt.
3. I prepared to prevent muscle aches and pains.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the muscular system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the first row of cells.  Second, I found the cells that would slide along them to make the muscle contract.  Third, I slid them along them, causing muscular contraction, using the nut and bolt.
4. I prepared to control that the skin attached to the tissue.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the integumentary system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the tissue the skin was on.  Second, I found the skin.  Third, I bolted the skin to the tissue.
5. I prepared to ensure that the nerve signal was maintained.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the nervous system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the first nerve.  Second, I found the second nerve.  Third, I bolted the first nerve to the second nerve.
6. I prepared to ensure proper body function when the hormone reached its target.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the endocrine system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the endocrine gland.  Second, I determined the hormone.  Third, I bolted the production of the hormone to the endocrine gland.
7. I prepared to prevent blockages in the circulatory system.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the circulatory system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the blood cell.  Second, I found the blood vessel.  Third, I bolted the blood cell on to the notion of keeping going through the blood vessel.
8. I prepared to fight pathogenic disease.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the immune system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the pathogen.  Second, I found the immune response.  Third, I bolted the immune response to the pathogen.
9. I prepared to help the filtered blood return to the blood.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the lymphatic system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the blood.  Second, I found the plasma.  Third, I bolted removing plasma from the blood.
10. I prepared to maintain the cells' oxygen supply.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the respiratory system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the oxygen molecule.  Second, I found the blood cell.  Third, I bolted the oxygen molecule on to the blood cell.
11. I prepared to form urine.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the urinary system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the urea.  Second, I found the water.  Third, I bolted the urea to the water.
12. I prepared to eat enough of a type of food.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the digestive system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the nutrient.  Second, I found the body part that needed it.  Third, I bolted the nutrient to the part of the body where it was needed.
13. I prepared to want the baby.  I did this by synthesising the chemistry of the reproductive system with the nut and bolt.  First, I found the baby.  Second, I found the parents.  Third, I bolted the baby to the parents.
"]