["Green, L 2021, <i>Part_of_Room</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Part of Room

1. I prepared to find out more.  I did this by deciding what part of the room to act in.  First, I walked to the mantel piece.  Second, I lifted my hand.  Third, I was given the clock.
2. I prepared to explore the idea more.  I did this by think about why the idea was working.  First, I wrote.  Second, I wrote on the topic.  Third, I wrote up a storm.
3. I prepared to marry the white witch and white knight.  I did this by aerotopically interacting with the part of the room.  First, I found the mallet.  Second, I touched the knight's armour's shoulder.  Third, I agreed with the knight.
4. I prepared to transfer money on the spiritual computer.  I did this by stating that the Academy shopping trolley was part of the room.  First, I found the nut.  Second, I found the bolt.  Third, I moved the spiritual desk.
5. I prepared to boil the water (write the essay).  I did this by stating that the philosophy algorithm code filled the part of the room.  First, I found the font.  Second, I found the samovar.  Third, I filled it.
6. I prepared to make the part of the room into a ludo/life work setting (to create business products (e.g. a process), employees (who created employees and customers) and customers).  I did this by stating that the leader made work fun.  First, I found the leader.  Second, I asked him how to make work fun.  Third, I found work fun.
7. I prepared to look at my hand approach my lips.  I did this by reading about the part of the room.  First, I aimed for the threshold.  Second, I reached it.  Third, I kept the aperture slightly open.
8. I prepared to prevent the seven year itch.  I did this by commenting on love in the composition.  First, I found love.  Second, I found it dwelling.  Third, I knew it.
9. I prepared to decide to love.  I did this by commenting on sex in the composition.  First, I read.  Second, I spoke.  Third, I thought.
10. I prepared to admit that it was this planet and that the sky was 1 metre above the ground.  I did this by stating that where the planetary outpost was a building, the space station was itself.  First, I noticed the building on a planet.  Second, I noticed the space station in the sky.  Third, I went from Earth, to the space station, to the planetary outpost.
"]