["Green, L 2021, <i>Pranayama</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Pranayama

1. I prepared to share my skill with others.  I did this by meditating on my breath.  First, I controlled my breath.  Second, I noticed I was transcending the world.  Third, I transcended everything.
2. I prepared to control myself with God.  I did this by liking God with you.  First, I inhaled.  Second, I ascertained the aim and direction of my thoughts.  Third, breathing helped me.
3. I prepared to revise in the evening.  I did this by practising pranayama in the evening.  First, I inhaled oxygen.  Second, I noticed it reach the brain.  Third, I observed the oxygen optimise my brain function.
4. I prepared to warm up.  I did this by I practised pranayama in the morning.  First, I exhaled.  Second, I released stress in the body.  Third, I relaxed.
5. I prepared to act.  I did this by finishing in fame with pranayama.  First, I held my nostril closed.  Second, I blew through the other one.  Third, I cleared my airways.
6. I prepared to reach the goal.  I did this by viewing the Grand Duchess of York.  First, I commanded respect.  Second, I was valiant.  Third, I overcame blocks.
7. I prepared to interpolate conclusions from knowledge.  I did this by sketching the idea in the middle.  First, I thought about how body function followed a single line.  Second, I thought about how thoughts followed a single line in the mind.  Third, I thought about how actions followed a single line in reality.
8. I prepared to fly through my thoughts.  I did this by breathing in slowly to relax.  First, I was happy with my life.  Second, I meditated on and prepared to work on an algorithm.  Third, I sketched the perfect program's details.
9. I prepared to sing.  I did this by yawning.  First, I relaxed.  Second, I opened my mouth.  Third, I allowed myself to yawn.
10. I prepared to speak.  I did this by enlarging my vocal space.  First, I performed a relaxing vocal exercise.  Second, I made sure the activity area was safe.  Third, I performed the activity.
"]