["Green, L 2021, <i>Professor Algorithm - Student</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Professor Algorithm - Student

1. I prepared to complete the work.  I did this by sipping from the city water supply.  First, I found the tap.  Second, I poured a glass of water.  Third, I drank it.
2. I prepared to assess the back-translated algorithm, then essay.  I did this by sitting on the seat.  First, I found the child.  Second, I sat with it.  Third, I played tiddlies.
3. I prepared to see where it went.  I did this by stating that the verb described my action.  First, I photographed where I would perform the action.  Second, I photographed the object.  Third, I photographed the object after performing the action on it.
4. I prepared to turn out the light.  I did this by performing the verb to the other.  First, I found the other.  Second, I told the story to the other.  Third, I listened to her question.
5. I prepared to capture the gossamer nightingale.  I did this by performing the action about the verb to the group.  First, I burst into colour.  Second, I burst into song.  Third, I sang the lullaby.
6. I prepared to smile.  I did this by symbolising the verb.  First, I enjoyed the song.  Second, I rummaged in the Christmas sack.  Third, I pulled the theatrical mask out of the sack.
7. I prepared to summarise the sentences' key self-terms.  I did this by find out how I symbolised the verb.  First, I read the diary.  Second, I read the entry.  Third, I read that I was happy.
8. I prepared to feature the important points.  I did this by stating the pair symbolising the verb.  First, I produced the rule with the machine learning algorithm.  Second, I explained that the pair was the short term and long term memory in the algorithm.  Third, I explained that the verb was to spring clean the system.
9. I prepared to go further.  I did this by not performing the action.  First, I found something better.  Second, I did it instead.  Third, I went that way.
10. I prepared to go further on it as well.  I did this by finding you performing the action.  First, I found the schools founder.  Second, I found her eat the dish.  Third, I knew it was you.
"]