["Green, L 2021, <i>Professor Algorithm</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Professor Algorithm

1. I prepared to seek more people.  I did this by training people in time points about the Professor Algorithm.  First, I found the time point.  Second, I trained people in them.  Third, I found the people using the Professor Algorithm.
2. I prepared to know the set of all people.  I did this by stating that people were trained in the Professor Algorithm.  First, I found the books.  Second, I found them people training themselves.  Third, I trained them too.
3. I prepared to carefully examine the capsule.  I did this by stating that the result of the professor algorithm was mine.  First, I found the meme.  Second, I capsulated it.  Third, I dismantled it.
4. I prepared to speak in language with tact.  I did this by stating that the professor algorithm was it.  First, I exfoliated my mouth.  Second, I said, 'Who's that, Grandma?'.  Third, I I examined you closely.
5. I prepared to find out everything that I wanted.  I did this by stating that the subject was the entity who used the professor algorithm.  First, I knew you.  Second, I knew what it was.  Third, I knew it very well.
6. I prepared to intactify (sic) myself - everyone.  I did this by computing the professor algorithm and it was good.  First, I found you.  Second, I knew what you meant.  Third, I designed you.
7. I prepared to djablucinate it (sic).  I did this by stating that the action was derived from the verb in the breasoning.  First, I do it, you say it.  Second, I wrote it.  Third, I found everyone as well.
8. I prepared to welcome it.  I did this by meditating on a day when I found out the verb from God.  First, I found the word.  Second, I said it.  Third, I was it.
9. I prepared to say it encouragingly.  I did this by performing the verb.  First, I loved you.  Second, I loved it.  Third, I wanted it.
10. I prepared to ask, 'Isn't that Nietzsche?'.  I did this by stating that the verb is algal.  First, I asked, 'What is algal?' (it is algorithm-like).  Second, I asked, 'What is an algorithm?' (it is our bath).  Third, I knew it.
"]