["Green, L 2021, <i>Quantum_Box:Prayer</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Quantum Box/Prayer

1. I prepared to record the update for automation.  I did this by deleting the connection to the error.  First, I found the error.  Second, I corrected it.  Third, I reconnected to the correction.
2. I prepared to maintain positive function.  I did this by thinking of the positive thought instead.  First, I listened to the positive stimulus.  Second, I verified that it was positive.  Third, I thought of the positive reply.
3. I prepared to apply for the loan.  I did this by observing inequality disappear in politics.  First, I found how America was formed.  Second, I observed their lever inequalities.  Third, I noted Australia's solvable inequalities.
4. I prepared to allow for individual skills.  I did this by observing inequality for women disappear in politics.  First, I observed the unequal numbers of each sex in each role type.  Second, I encouraged enough women to apply.  Third, I manually met the PISA requirements.
5. I prepared to specialise in the era.  I did this by observing inequality for LGBTIQA disappear in politics.  First, I found the LGBTIQAs.  Second, I compensated for them, including any people with disabilities.  Third, I found the appropriate way to occupy them.
6. I prepared to hand breason out thoughts for children.  I did this by observing inequality for the minority disappear in politics.  First, I went to the red house.  Second, I put pedagogy, meditation and medicine in it.  Third, I did this before conception and during the life.
7. I prepared to leave a 'zero' footprint.  I did this by reducing paper in schools.  First, I thought that square eyes could be prevented, so computers were better than paper.  Second, I made my own computer.  Third, I sold spiritual computers.
8. I prepared to save energy.  I did this by reducing snail mail.  First, I completed the form on computer.  Second, I emailed it to the recipient.  Third, I reduced paper mail.
9. I prepared to follow up the individual.  I did this by making sure that there were proper protocols so that the message was posted online without fail.  First, I listed the post.  Second, I automatically posted the post.  Third, I ensured that it had been received.
10. I prepared to automate bug checking.  I did this by agreeing with automatic removal of the error, unless it needed to be done manually.  First, I fixed the error with the algorithm.  Second, I checked whether the fix was correct.  Third, I kept the change if it was correct, otherwise I manually fixed it.
"]