["Green, L 2021, <i>Rebreathsoning</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Rebreathsoning

1. I prepared to marry medicine and computer science.  I did this by eating fresh food.  First, I related the food to computer science.  Second, I examined the algorithm's data flow.  Third, I matched it to digestion.
2. I prepared to side with the pole.  I did this by observing meantness (sic).  First, I found the statement to be unwavering through time.  Second, I found it to be unwavering in relation to other statements.  Third, I found it to be unwavering in relation with other people.
3. I prepared to question the bug in the time machine.  I did this by stating that the tourists visited 'Mars'.  First, I simulated the light.  Second, I simulated the surface.  Third, I simulated the flights.
4. I prepared to record the position.  I did this by determining the functional locus.  First, I found the position that influenced function.  Second, I noticed movement to the left.  Third, I noticed movement to the right.
5. I prepared to function positively.  I did this by taking the breathsoning into consideration.  First, I noticed the student had failed.  Second, I observed that the student had failed because of the essay format and number of breasonings, not anything else.  Third, I re-examined the student.
6. I prepared to identify the breathsoning 'carefully' in Medicine.  I did this by stating that the larrikin suffered from breathsoningitis.  First, I removed the block.  Second, I helped the flow to move on.  Third, I encouraged the person to use enough breathsonings.
7. I prepared to remain the person in charge.  I did this by examining the famous breathsoning.  First, I meditated carefully.  Second, I researched whether the experiment worked.  Third, I wrote on the topic and education of it.
8. I prepared to maintain good digestion.  I did this by examining the breathsoning work.  First, I ate carefully.  Second, I ate with a minimum of fuss.  Third, I ate over a longer time.
9. I prepared to describe the process in terms of objects.  I did this by breasoning out the breathsoning.  First, I observed the friendly person.  Second, I found them being around themselves.  Third, I found what you meant.
10. I prepared to notice the sickness (health).  I did this by breathsoning out the tantrum.  First, I observed them be all for themselves.  Second, I helped them up.  Third, I exacerbated it.

"]