["Green, L 2021, <i>Rebreasoning</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Rebreasoning

1. I prepared to make money from magic.  I did this by touching the gold.  First, I replicated the gold.  Second, I sold it.  Third, I made a profit.
2. I prepared to study space science.  I did this by stating that the clothes touched.  First, I found that the space craft was sealed.  Second, I found the space suit was sealed.  Third, I researched all times.
3. I prepared to traverse the grammar.  I did this by stating that the grammars touched.  First, I found the subject's grammar.  Second, I found the verb phrase's grammar.  Third, I stated that the subject's grammar touched the verb phrase's grammar.
4. I prepared to play the computer game.  I did this by touching the circle of gold.  First, I found the flying eagle robot.  Second, I pressed the circle of gold.  Third, I flew in the machine.
5. I prepared to take my new measurements.  I did this by stating that the clothes were stretched together.  First, I put on muscle.  Second, I stretched the arms of the clothes.  Third, I stretched the legs of the clothes.
6. I prepared to automate the actions.  I did this by observing that the friendly meeting was legal.  First, I met the entity.  Second, I touched the rectangular air prism.  Third, I automated taking minutes.
7. I prepared to wonder what they looked like when they were young.  I did this by stating that my eyes met dawn.  First, I looked at the horizon.  Second, I waited until dawn.  Third, I met the sun with my eyes.
8. I prepared to verify the connection.  I did this by moving on to the next point.  First, I breasoned out the first point.  Second, I breasoned out the connection to the second point.  Third, I moved on to the second point.
9. I prepared to use machine learning to identify reused words.  I did this by deciphering the code.  First, I found the out-of-sequence letters.  Second, I found all combinations of the letters.  Third, I deciphered them.
10. I prepared to rank the objects.  I did this by following the plan.  First, I read the plan.  Second, I found the pathway to the objects.  Third, I simplified the plan.
"]