["Green, L 2021, <i>Simulated Intelligence 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Simulated Intelligence 3

21. The thoughts had a science.  The science of the simulation was the spiritual language including 'A' (copulate) and 'up' (transcend).  I linked to the set around me.  I moved up afterwards.  I simulated thoughts.
22. Simulated intelligence was spiritual artificial intelligence.  The simulation worked because idealism worked.  The object was actually a breasoning.  Electrons were not there when not observed.  Some objects were there when not observed.
23. A simulation, not reality, contained thoughts.  The simulation gave the rest of the thoughts.  There was an impetus. It resulted in thoughts and art.  These were the rest of the thoughts. 
24. The simulation contained multiple people.  I saw the big otherlander (other).  There were enough references to the other.  Enough references to the the other resulted in multiplicity (like education).  It was also like sales.
25. My simulated intelligence device guided me to positive thoughts.  I saw the cosmic land.  In cosmic land, medicine and computers maintained positivity.  There were universities.  I met like-minded people.
26. Science could create anything.  Everything in the simulation is intelligent.  The humans were intelligent.  There was intelligence about the objects.  There were intelligent systems.
27. Identifying the shape and colours of a mistake reached threshold of being recognised.  The simulation laughed with its characters.  There was an opportunity to prevent mistakes.  People simulated others in the simulation.  The people laughed with the characters in the simulation.
28. Eventually I wrote transition machines.  The simulation character continuously improved in his competency.  The start and end was computer science.  Philosophy was in the middle.  I wrote a philosophy on a computer science idea, then programmed it.
29. Others could write as well.  The simulation character continuously improved in perfection in health thoughts.  He wrote them.  He updated them.  He wrote on new topics.
30. I wrote the fundamentals of pedagogical science (with implications in medicine and engineering).  The simulation character continuously improved in happiness in society.  I developed algorithms using machine learning (LSTMs).  I customised these using vague mind reading.  I completed the algorithms by expressing them as transition machine (so they can be spiritual computers).
"]