["Green, L 2021, <i>Soma</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Soma

1. I prepared to tell someone about the soma prayer.  I did this by stating that the timing of the soma prayer made me happy.  First, I  meditated.  Second, I said the soma prayer.  Third, I noticed no digestive system pops from practising the sutra.
2. I prepared to respond to others needing help.  I did this by stating that learning the soma prayer with grit made me happy.  First, I meditated without (with) the soma prayer.  Second, I noticed no (some) digestive system pops.  Third, I learned to use the soma prayer each day (i.e. with single pointedness).
3. I prepared to state that there was stomach gas needing the soma prayer without eating.  I did this by stating that as the breasoning is empty, the stomach was empty as a result of the soma prayer.  First, I decided to fast on the day.  Second, I fasted on the day.  Third, I planned to fast a week later.
4. I prepared to control normally involuntary body processes.  I did this by reducing the HCl created by the sutra in the stomach ontology to remove gas.  First, I spiritually adjusted how much food was detected.  Second, the less food that was detected, the less HCl was created.  Third, the less HCl that was created, the less gas there was.
5. I prepared to stop eating when the stomach was 80% full.  I did this by stating that the soma prayer took care of the stomach after eating.  First, I said the soma prayer after eating.  Second, there was no gas.  Third, the stomach didn't release gas.
6. I prepared to eat less to have enough room for the next meal.  I did this by stating that the soma prayer took care of the stomach in readiness for the next meal.   First, I ate whole foods.  Second, I drank cold water.  Third, I ate a Mediterranean diet.
7. I prepared to avoid the surface of my stomach bulging after eating.  I did this by stating that the soma prayer removed discomfort.  First, I removed the spiritual block from on the other block (I digested the food after chewing properly).  Second, I noticed the soma prayer helped positive function of the digestive system.  Third, I remained comfortable.
8. I prepared to increase awareness of the soma prayer and proper digestion.  I did this by stating that the soma prayer caused communication of good digestion in society.  First, I chewed small mouthfuls to increase the effectiveness of the soma prayer.  Second, I chewed slowly.  Third, I chewed carefully.
9. I prepared to find the ideal amount of food per stomach volume.  I did this by stating that there was a 1:1 ratio of HCl molecules needed, to food molecules.  First, I poured n mol of HCl into the stomach model.  Second, I poured n mol of food into the stomach model.  Third, I detected that the food was digested.
10. I prepared to observe the healthy stool.  I did this by stating that there was extra HCl to complete digestion.  First, I observed the amount of acid, without extra acid, digest the food in the stomach model.  Second, I observed the extra acid complete digestion.  Third, there was waste.
"]