["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Do</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Time to Do

1. I prepared to perform the action. 
I did this by examining whether there was time to do an action in the nothingness.  First, I timed the action.  Second, I found the time it would be performed.  Third, I determined that there was enough time to perform the action.
2. I prepared to make my life in example.  I did this by examining ecritudine (sic) (life is an example) with enough time to do each task.  First, I completed the task.  Second, I stated that it was the example.  Third, I had enough time to do it.
3. I prepared to write As for the rules.  I did this by stating that there was time to nothing in law.  First, I had a gut feeling.  Second, I was in law.  Third, I did nothing because I had thought clearly in law.
4. I prepared to state that gestalt, the file length l, was safe.  I did this by stating that there was time to examine gestalt.  First, I counted the file length.  Second, I counted the boxes.  Third, I counted the content length.
5. I prepared to study the book.  I did this by stating that there was time to do the task on campus.  First, I attended campus.  Second, I calculated how long the task would take.  Third, I performed the task.
6. I prepared to draw the yew.  I did this by timing pruning the yew.  First, I found the yew tree.  Second, I started the timer.  Third, I pruned the yew tree.
7. I prepared to choose the song with the best instruments.  I did this by timing inspiring the hit.  First, I wrote 800 ideas.  Second, I wrote 800 songs.  Third, I found the best one.
8. I prepared to do the oral presentation.  I did this by timing looking at Derrida's balls and was protected.  First, I walked down the hall.  Second, I saw Derrida's balls.  Third, I walked into the room and was protected.
9. I prepared to write harder.  I did this by seeing what was so interesting about Derrida.  First, I looked around the room.  Second, I realised that I was the only one in the room.  Third, I wrote about Derrida in relation to myself
10. I prepared to state that the list monologue parodied a long list and the I'm not mad monologue was about the doll.  I did this by realising that I was it.  First, I read the list.  Second, I saw that my name was the only name in the list.  Third, I named List Prolog after my List monologue in year seven.
"]