["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Finish</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Time to Finish

1. I prepared to examine the effect of pedagogy.  I did this by seeing the after-property.  First, I saw the property.  Second, I prepared to time the after-property.  Third, I observed the after-property.
2. I prepared to prepare for each possibility.  I did this by planning for afterwards.  First, I noted when afterwards would begin.  Second, I broke it into chunks.  Third, I planned it.
3. I prepared to loved the other.  I did this by finishing planning to love the other.  First, I looked at the self.  Second, I looked at the first other.  Third, I loved the dependent.
4. I prepared to help the others.  I did this by finishing planning to know about it.  First, I researched the topic.  Second, I researched the content.  Third, I wrote a critique.
5. I prepared to time yoga (cleaning) after the presentation.  I did this by finishing planning to examine the ontological nothingness of the other.  First, I found my space.  Second, I noticed the other.  Third, I noticed what he was interested in and helped him with it.
6. I prepared to time going to sleep.  I did this by finishing planning to feed the politician with interests to send her to sleep.  First, I made up the thought.  Second, I represented it.  Third, I observed her fall asleep.
7. I prepared to automate uploading it.  I did this by timing finishing the movie.  First, I planned the objects.  Second, I planned their movement.  Third, I automated finishing it.
8. I prepared to bud, eat at, dream of algorithms at, or expand the frontier of knowledge.  I did this by finishing planning to be with intelligent people.  First, I made up interesting things (for example, interest in different departments).  Second, I found myself with them.  Third, I talked about unplanned things.
9. I prepared to did all the things with them.  I did this by finishing planning to examining 'it'.  First, I found you.  Second, I found it.  Third, I found me.
10. I prepared to jump.  I did this by finishing planning to examine you about it.  First, I found the mound.  Second, I you.  Third, I found it.
"]