["Green, L 2021, <i>Upasana Sutra</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Upasana Sutra

1. I prepared to help people see high quality imagery to God.  I did this by stating that the Upasana Sutra helped write the breasonings details with people.  First, I stated that the Upasana Sutra helped me see top-level imagery.  Second, I saw examples of the breasonings details, for example, the object, the relation between objects, etc.  Third, I wrote about the object, etc. with people.
2. I prepared to state that Upasana (meditation) was a unique part of meditation.  I did this by stating that many others listened to me because of the Upasana Sutra.  First, I found many others.  Second, I recited the Upasana Sutra.  Third, I helped them to write on the Upasana Sutra.
3. I prepared to have inexpensive, courses not with absolutely nothing, but ontological nothingness.  I did this by stating that the Upasana meditators were in a lineage.  First, I taught meditation to a student.  Second, I observed the student teach meditation.  Third, I observed the chain links contained a common element.
4. I prepared to state that education agreed with upasana.  I did this by stating that Upasana means meditation.  First, I found that the brain was sense-based.  Second, I helped the brain.  Third, I stated that writing was more important than no handed in writing and no action performed.
5. I prepared to have enough population.  I did this by stating that Upasana helps see breasonings.  First, I critically analysed the Upasana argument.  Second, I used the skill to see breasonings.  Third, I explained that Upasana helped me see breasonings with the help of God.
6. I prepared to decide what was good.  I did this by choosing positivity in areas of study.  First, I found positive terms.  Second, I wrote them down.  Third, I stated that I had written the noumenon.
7. I prepared to make the rogaining computer game.  I did this by finding all the goals in rogaining using my compass, ruler, pencil, and map.  First, I found where I was.  Second, I found where I wanted to go.  Third, I went there, getting down to the nearest half a degree.
8. I prepared to take necessary action.  I did this by removing mistakes from the text.  First, I found the mistake.  Second, I removed it.  Third, I found what was right in the middle.
9. I prepared to keep the person occupied.  I did this by seeing clear imagery.  First, I completed Upasana.  Second, I breasoned out the breasoning details to God.  Third, I wanted you.
10. I prepared to record the relative time to use gradient.  I did this by examining the inside then the outside of the Upasana thoughts.  First, I looked on the inside.  Second, I looked at what was there.  Third, I looked at the outside."]