["Green, L 2021, <i>Yoga to Prevent Bent Spine and Headache on Train</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Yoga to Prevent Bent Spine and Headache on Train

1. I prepared to relax by washing my hands on the train.  I did this by putting liquid in the dispenser.  First, I opened the dispenser.  Second, I put liquid in it.  Third, I closed it.
2. I prepared to .  I did this by speaking about yoga.  First, I aimed to command nature.  Second, I found the place of the animals.  Third, I found a positive path around them.
3. I prepared to work for short periods of time, taking breaks.  I did this by stating that yoga relaxes the back muscles, keeping the spine straight.  First, I set up a working area with ergonomic proportions.  Second, I checked my posture.  Third, I regularly massaged  myself and relaxed.
4. I prepared to write automated yoga helpers for students.  I did this by stating that yoga relaxes the neck muscles, preventing a headache.  First, I massaged my neck.  Second, I moved my head in a direction and back.  Third, I moved my head in circles.
5. I prepared to plan meditation similarly to yoga.  I did this by applying breasonings details ways of thinking to yoga.  First, I created a yogic environment with the right dimensions.  Second, I verified that it was comfortable.  Third, I planned yoga and recovery down to the second.
6. I prepared to check thoughts with my eyes and senses.  I did this by applying senses of reasoning to yoga.  First, I checked that it was correct to do yoga.  Second, I verified that the yoga stretch felt good.  Third, I wrote a yoga diary.
7. I prepared to do uninterrupted work.  I did this by applying binary opposition x to yoga.  First, I decided not to do anything at the same time as performing yoga.  Second, I didn't eat while performing yoga.  Third, I didn't drink while performing yoga.
8. I prepared to look at yoga.  I did this by applying detailed reasonings to yoga.  First, I wrote the sentence.  Second, I wrote the perspective on it.  Third, I wrote about the sentence.
9. I prepared to look at what was connected to the half.  I did this by applying two parts going well together to yoga.  First, I found yoga.  Second, I approached yoga.  Third, I found a half.
10. I prepared to do the same with 'and'.  I did this by applying reasonings details to yoga.  First, I considered yoga.  Second, I found the reasonings details, 'implies'.  Third, I found what it attached to.
"]