["Green, L 2021, <i>Z</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Z

1. I prepared to time the ascent.  I did this by observing the particle ascend through the tube in movement mode in Computer Aided Learning.  First, I inserted the bubble at the bottom of the column of water.  Second, I watched it rise.  Third, I saw it reach the surface of the water.
2. I prepared to find employees when none applied.  I did this by contributing to the community.  First, I found the bot created itself.  Second, I determined that it was sentient.  Third, I recruited it.
3. I prepared to go to the next function.  I did this by observing that the liver continued to produce output.  First, I found one of the liver's functions.  Second, I followed its function.  Third, I replicated its function.
4. I prepared to help digestion with gravity.  I did this by showing perfect digestion.  First, I meditated.  Second, I ate food.  Third, I observed positive function in my digestive system.
5. I prepared to connect with nature with automation.  I did this by producing the rising thesis.  First, I started at the base premise.  Second, I deduced conclusions from it.  Third, I found the chain of uses in the thesis.
6. I prepared to extol virtues.  I did this by speaking the language in itself.  First, I spoke mildly.  Second, I helped people.  Third, I thanked everyone.
7. I prepared to invent business given nothing.  I did this by having the behemoth.  First, I found its positive function.  Second, I checked for changes needed.  Third, I wrote a business model that withstood anything.
8. I prepared to play the note overseas.  I did this by stating the bot confirming the frequency.  First, I found the back-translation.  Second, I inserted output into it.  Third, I paid it with A to insert the frequency.
9. I prepared to accommodate for the welfare of outliers.  I did this by stating that large numbers reading the newspapers created larger thoughts.  First, I wrote funnels accounting for people's thoughts.  Second, I understood their reasons.  Third, I found outliers.
10. I prepared to observe the meeting progress.  I did this by stating that the law-keeper moved up by meeting the individual.  First, I found the stake-holders.  Second, I made an appointment with the company.  Third, I sent a draft of the agenda to the individual.
"]