["Green, L 2021, <i>Maharishi Sutra 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Maharishi Sutra 4 of 4

31.   I prepared to write the politics code. I did this by critiquing politics. First, I found a misbehaving Head of State. Second, I gave him a pseudonym. Third, I wrote an essay agreeing with her with a critique. In this way, I prepared to write the politics code by critiquing politics.

32.   I prepared to sell my knowledge. I did this by stating that I am healthy. First, I experienced no stomach bubbles from meditation. Second, I collected knowledge to prevent colds. Third, I remained in good psychiatric health. In this way, I prepared to sell my knowledge by stating that I am healthy.

33.   I prepared to be economical. I did this by stating that I am wealthy. First, I performed enough of a particular kind of work. Second, I asked the Universe for help. Third, I received the reward. In this way, I prepared to be economical by stating that I am wealthy.

34.   I prepared to explain how I became wise. I did this by stating that I am wise. First, I opened my journal.  Second, I stated what I did.  Third, I stated why it was wise.  In this way, I prepared to explain how I became wise by stating that I am wise.

35.   I prepared to integrate pedagogy, medicine, economics and meditation.  I did this by stating that I am happy.  First, I looked up what I was interested in.  Second, I considered all information.  Third, I consolidated my knowledge each day.  In this way, I prepared to integrate pedagogy, medicine, economics and meditation by stating that I am happy.

36.   I prepared to program the robot to customise the car's interior for the journey.  I did this by envisaging observing the philosopher riding in the automatic car in the future.  First, I entered the windowless car.  Second, I confirmed the itinerary.  Third, I played the movie.  In this way, I prepared to program the robot to customise the car's interior for the journey by envisaging observing the philosopher riding in the automatic car in the future.

37.   I prepared to move up.  I did this by observing that the person at my level didn't oppose me.  First, I noticed that the person at my level was happy.  Second, I noticed that she moved on.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to move up by observing that the person at my level didn't oppose me.

38.   I prepared to give some of my all to study.  I did this by painting the yoyo red, like a blood cell.  First, I wrote a Masters by Coursework.  Second, I wrote a Masters by Research.  Third, I wrote a PhD.  In this way, I prepared to give some of my all to study by painting the yoyo red, like a blood cell.

39.   I prepared to find desirable pathways.  I did this by considering and placing aside the non-meditator (well-read) Gods (philosophers).  First, I found the meditator God (philosopher).  Second, I found meditation with him.  Third, I found pedagogy with him.  In this way, I prepared to find desirable pathways by considering and placing aside the non-meditator (well-read) Gods (philosophers).

40.   I prepared to collect the high quality comments.  I did this by collecting the high quality comment.  First, I wrote the idea.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I collected the high quality comment.  In this way, I prepared to collect the high quality comments by collecting the high quality comment.

41.   I prepared to make friends with minorities.  I did this by painting the rainbow.  First, I painted the warm colours.  Second, I painted the cool colours.  Third, I was in favour of equality.  In this way, I prepared to make friends with minorities by painting the rainbow.

42.   I prepared to find the way.  I did this by lighting the flame.  First, I found the candle.  Second, I lit the match.  Third, I lit the candle with the match.  In this way, I prepared to find the way by lighting the flame.

43.   I prepared to have cardio-vascular exercise.  I did this by walking my dog in the lunar park.  First, I travelled to the lunar park with my dog.  Second, I chose a path.  Third, I walked my dog.  In this way, I prepared to have cardio-vascular exercise by walking my dog in the lunar park.

44.   I prepared to be in a position of power.  I did this by managing the money.  First, I was given the job as financial manager.  Second, I approved spending money.  Third, I received some money.  In this way, I prepared to be in a position of power by managing the money.

45.   I prepared to experience a grade spike during my degree.  I did this by earning a better grade in the professor's class.  First, I enrolled in the professor's class.  Second, I completed the same amount of work as usual.  Third, I performed twice as well.  In this way, I prepared to experience a grade spike during my degree by earning a better grade in the professor's class.

46.   I prepared to sing you a love song.  I did this by singing pop music.  First, I attended singing training.  Second, I annotated my song.  Third, I sang my song.  In this way, I prepared to sing you a love song by singing pop music.
"]