["Green, L 2021, <i>Maharishi Sutra 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Maharishi Sutra 2 of 4

11.   I prepared to direct potential meditators to the service time. I did this by designing a business card with my professional web site address. First, I wrote my name on the business card blueprint. Second, I wrote my contact details on the business card blueprint. Third, I wrote my web site address on the business card blueprint. In this way, I prepared to direct potential meditators to the service time by designing a business card with my professional web site address.

12.   I prepared for the meeting to be full. I did this by writing the meeting time on the web site. First, I finished writing the class. Second, I tested it. Third, I advertised the class on the search engine, which linked to the class time with the ability to register on the web site. In this way, I prepared for the meeting to be full by writing the meeting time on the web site.

13.   I prepared for Lucianic Meditation's philosophy to be used in each religion. I did this by teaching Lucianic Meditation to monastics, oblates and followers in each religion. First, I delivered the lecture. Second, I said a model solution. Third, the student used this model solution to develop her own solution. In this way, I prepared for Lucianic Meditation's philosophy to be used in each religion by teaching Lucianic Meditation to monastics, oblates and followers in each religion.

14.   I beat the opposition to love you. I did this by hugging you. First, I opened my arms. Second, I wrapped them around you. Third, I squeezed you. In this way, I beat the opposition to love you by hugging you.

15.   I prepared to make money from my non-profit organisation to pay back to my non-profit organisation. I did this by receiving the coin. First, I opened my hand. Second, the donor opened his purse. Third, the donor put a coin into my hand. In this way, I prepared to make money from my non-profit organisation to pay back to my non-profit organisation by receiving the coin.

16.   The people prepared to listen to Maharishi. They did this by meeting him. First, they presented him with finished breasoning lists. Second, they presented him with As they had written on his topics. Third, they presented him with meditation students. In this way, The people prepared to listen to Maharishi by meeting him.

17.   Maharishi prepared to create peace on Earth. He did this by giving the people high quality thoughts. First, Maharishi received the meditation thoughts. Second, his monastics were meditated on. Third, this repeated ad infinitum. In this way, Maharishi prepared to create peace on Earth by giving the people high quality thoughts.

18.   Maharishi prepared to create a college. He did this by using his brain. First, he planned to plant 25 trees per green person. Second, he drank concentrated vitamin C for defeating disease. Third, he meditated to protect his health. In this way, Maharishi prepared to create a college by using his brain.

19.   I prepared to design a resort on the moon. I did this by looking at the distant point through a close hole. First, I created a tree-lined reserve on Earth. Second, I called it La Luna. Third, Lucianic monastics taught at a school there, by teaching distant knowledge through close breasonings. In this way, I prepared to design a resort on the moon by looking at the distant point through a close hole.

20.   I prepared to establish peace in my home. I did this by training the puppy not to bark. First, I placed the puppy on the floor. Second, I waited until she barked. Third, I asked her 'hush'. In this way, I prepared to establish peace in my home by training the puppy not to bark.

"]