["Green, L 2021, <i>Yellow God 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Yellow God 3 of 4

21. I prepared to maintain my happiness.  I did this by stating that I was happy when I saw the bright colours.  First, I saw the bright colours.  Second, I was happy when I saw the bright colours.  Third, I stated that I was happy when I saw the bright colours.  In this way, I prepared to maintain my happiness by stating that I was happy when I saw the bright colours.

22. I prepared to study hermeneutics.  I did this by writing Principias.  First, I presented at the Symposium.  Second, I wrote down my ideas about my presentation.  Third, I opened my own Academy.  In this way, I prepared to study hermeneutics by writing Principias.

23. I prepared to simplify my algorithm.  I did this by writing algohedrons (sic) to verify algorithms.  First, I wrote the algorithm.  Second, I verified the algorithm against the self.  Third, I verified the algorithm against the other.  In this way, I prepared to simplify my algorithm by writing algohedrons (sic) to verify algorithms.

24. I prepared to write what they want to believe.  I did this by agreeing with religious (philosophical) pluralism.  First, I studied Christianity (books).  Second, I studied Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy).  Third, I survived blame for famousness.  In this way, I prepared to write what they want to believe by agreeing with religious (philosophical) pluralism.

25. I prepared to agree by recording another text reconciling differences between philosophers.  I did this by agreeing with philosophical pluralism.  First, I agreed with Socrates.  Second, I agreed with Plato.  Third, I agreed with Aristotle.  In this way, I prepared to agree by recording another text reconciling differences between philosophers by agreeing with philosophical pluralism.

25. I prepared to interpret Gail as the white character.  I did this by agreeing that your creation was correct and good.  First, I observed that your creation was correct.  Second, I observed that your creation was good.  Third, I agreed that your creation was correct and good.  In this way, I prepared to interpret Gail as the white character by agreeing that your creation was correct and good.

26. I prepared to experience the spiritual subatomic computer.  I did this by driving in the car.  First, I boarded the car.  Second, I drove in the car.  Third, I disembarked from the car.  In this way, I prepared to experience the spiritual subatomic computer by driving in the car.

27. I prepared to make a ship.  I did this by borrowing the saw from my neighbour.  First, I asked my neighbour if I could borrow his balsa wood saw.  Second, I borrowed it from him.  Third, I cut 1 cm from the section of balsa wood.  I prepared to make a ship by borrowing the saw from my neighbour.

28. I prepared to update my writing to reflect changes in language.  I did this by reading my writing.  First, I verified that it was included in training materials.  Second, I verified that it was included in assessment.  Third, I assigned this task to the Lucian Academy Accreditation Authority.  In this way, I prepared to update my writing to reflect changes in language by reading my writing.

29. I prepared to sign merchandise.  I did this by observing my partner listen to my music.  First, I observed my partner sit as my audience.  Second, I observed to my partner listen to me sing.  Third, I listened to him give me applause.  In this way, I prepared to sign merchandise by observing my partner listen to my music.

30. I prepared to earn 100%s at a prestigious University.  I did this by lying on the lush grass.  First, I looked in the shade.  Second, I found a glade.  Third, I lied in it.  In this way, I prepared to earn 100%s at a prestigious University by lying on the lush grass.

"]