["Green, L 2021, <i>Moving Appearances 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Moving Appearances 1 of 4


1. This is like having a 'movie theatre' inside one's brain.  This and the appearances argument allow one to visualise 'breasonings', the fundamental unit of pedagogy, and means they deserve the marks from pedagogical essays.


1a. I prepared to remove the carrageenan from the ice cream recipe.  I did this by licking all of the top half of the lollipop at the same time.  First, I attached my teeth to the top half of the lollipop.  Second, I clenched the top half of the lollipop.  Third, I removed the top half of the lollipop.  In this way, I prepared to remove the carrageenan from the ice cream recipe by licking all of the top half of the lollipop at the same time.

2. I prepared to prevent the * by pre-empting the person's anger.  I did this by skewering the sausage sideways.  First, I rotated the sausage so that it pointed up.  Second, I aimed the skewer at the top of the sausage.  Third, I pierced the sausage lengthwise with the skewer.  In this way, I prepared to prevent the * by pre-empting the person's anger by skewering the sausage sideways.

3. I prepared to read the person's face.  I did this by reading the face of the pill with writing on it.  First, I turned the pill over if there was no writing on it's top face.  Second, I read the writing in this case.  Otherwise, first I read the writing written on the top face of the pill.  In this way, I prepared to read the person's face by reading the face of the pill with writing on it.

4. I prepared to eat the salad sandwich. I did this by putting the bowl on the bench to be served.  First, I lifted the bowl high.  Second, I placed it on the edge of the bench.  Third, I slid it onto the centre of the bench.  In this way, I prepared to eat the salad sandwich by putting the bowl on the bench to be served.

5. I prepared to kiss the Head of Philosophy at University on the cheek.  I did this because the Head of Philosophy at University and I liked each other.  First, I took her hand.  Second, I looked her in the eye.  Third, I shook her hand.  In this way, I prepared to kiss the Head of Philosophy at University on the cheek because she and I liked each other.

6. I prepared to taste each asparagus head separately.  I did this by tasting each ice cream one at a time, to compare their flavours.  First, I licked the strawberry ice cream.  Second, I licked the orange ice cream.  Third, I chose the strawberry ice cream because it was sweeter.  In this way, I prepared to taste each asparagus head separately by tasting each ice cream one at a time, to compare their flavours.

7. I prepared to put the baddie in jail.  I did this by catching him.  First, I looked at the man's face.  Second, I compared it with the face of the baddie on the chart.  Third, I placed the man whose face was on the chart behind bars.  In this way, I prepared to put the baddie in jail by catching him.

8. The man prepared to receive the Internet order.  I did this by assisting the ball giver by predicting where he would give me the ball.  First, I walked to where the ball-giver would give me the ball.  Second, I lifted my arms to receive the ball.  Third, I received the ball when the man gave it to me.  In this way, the man prepared to receive the Internet order by predicting where he would give me the ball.

9. I prepared to walk.  I did this by touching the table with my tactile hand without looking.  First, I stood beside the table.  Second, I closed me eyes.  Third, I touched the table.  In this way, I prepared to walk by touching the table with my tactile hand without looking.

10. I prepared to accelerate the particle.  I did this by lowering my sensitive arm more and more slowly onto the deck chair's arm.  First, I started moving my arm quickly towards the deck chair arm.  Second, I started moving my arm more slowly towards the deck chair arm.  Third, I relaxed my arm when it had reached the deck chair arm.  In this way, I prepared to accelerate the particle by lowering my sensitive arm more and more slowly onto the deck chair's arm.

"]