["Green, L 2021, <i>Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Children, H1, Earning Jobs and Protection in Jobs 3 of 4

21.     I prepared to eat the fatty acids, which the body does not produce.  I did this by eating raspberry jam on buttered toast.  First, I put the knife in the jar.  Second, I spread it all around the buttered toast.  Third, I tasted it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the fatty acids, which the body does not produce by eating raspberry jam on buttered toast.

22.     I prepared to build the lipid membrane.  I did this by eating the toasted raspberry crepe.  First, I crushed the raspberry on a plate.  Second, I placed the raspberry's aggregate parts on the crepe.  Third, I toasted and ate it.  In this way, I prepared to build the lipid membrane by eating the toasted raspberry crepe.

23.     I prepared to make an exhibition.  I did this by making an X, Y and Z object.  First, I cut out 6 squares.  Second, I made a cube from these squares.  Third, I placed masking tape along each edge of this cube.  In this way, I prepared to make an exhibition by making an X, Y and Z object.

24.     I prepared to watch the insect eat a fruit.  I did this by feeding it the raspberry.  First, I lifted the raspberry on a fork.  Second, I placed it in the airlock.  Third, I unlocked the airlock's den side to feed the raspberry to the mosquitoes.  In this way, I prepared to watch the insect eat a fruit by feeding it the raspberry.

25.     I prepared to feed the bird the watermelon on Earth because he needed gravity to swallow because it didn't have peristaltic ability.  I did this by cutting the watermelon into smaller pieces.  First, I used the razor blade to cut the first cube of watermelon.  Second, I prepared to cut the next cube of watermelon.  Third, I repeated this until the watermelon had been cut into cubes.  In this way, I prepared to feed the bird the watermelon on Earth by cutting the watermelon into smaller pieces.

26.     I prepared to erase the animal-human divide in the issue life that the pedagogy-meditation discussion brought up.  I did this by helping the animal lick the water bowl.  First, I made the water bowl available.  Second, I waited several hours until our dog had drunk the water.  Third, I refreshed the water in the water bowl.  In this way, I prepared to erase the animal-human divide by helping the animal lick the water bowl.

27.     I prepared to support human rights.  I did this by marching in the pro-gay march.  First, I was pro-gay like the pro-womens liberation people were.  Second, I was walking in the rally.  Third, I recommended a single partner like liturgical Christianity.  In this way, I prepared to support human rights by marching in the pro-gay march.

28.     I prepared to recommend homosexuals to Jesus.  I did this by cooking the watermelon in the pan.  First, I wrote a letter.  Second, I made it neat.  Third, I posted it.  In this way, I prepared to recommend homosexuals to Jesus by cooking the watermelon in the pan.

29.     I prepared to hit the ball.  I did this by scooping the ball.  First, I picked up the ball.  Second, I put it in the lacrosse stick.  Third, I walked forward.  In this way, I prepared to hit the ball by scooping the ball.

30.     I prepared to love the Exolec encounter.  I did this by correcting myself and becoming a lecturer.  First, I corrected a mistake in life.  Second, I became a lecturer.  Third, I committed myself to research projects.  In this way, I prepared to love the Exolec encounter by correcting myself and becoming a lecturer.

"]