["Green, L 2021, <i>50 Breasonings Per Utterance 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
50 Breasonings Per Utterance 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to examine each breasoning.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I participated in University short courses continuously.  Second, I wrote on the high quality Academy.  Third, I wrote 50 As on each comment in my philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to examine each breasoning by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

22.   I prepared to display the genre.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I noticed that there were hardly any other breasoners.  Second, I breathed heavily.  Third, I had discourse with a man.  In this way, I prepared to display the genre by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

23.   I prepared to become a favourite police officer.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I deserved it for the number of As.  Second, I took care of the thought.  Third, I noticed the favourite English teacher had 30 As.  In this way, I prepared to become a favourite police officer by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

24.   I prepared to eat daisies.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I thought of the radio button's dimensions.  Second, I waved the flag symbolizing thinking of the last comment.  Third, I apologised to Head of State before the mistake.  In this way, I prepared to eat daisies by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

25.  I prepared to go to sleep.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I wrote the job description for Academy writers.  Second, I paid the writers.  Third, I made them sign a legal waiver form.  In this way, I prepared to go to sleep by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

26.   I prepared to love the snake.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I noticed I was going much better than it.  Second, I gave David the vegan cheese.  Third, I prevented the snake from coming inside.  In this way, I prepared to love the snake by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

27.   I prepared to wave goodbye.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I noticed Computational English had a primordial feeling.  Second, I recorded Lulu Iglesias, introducing me in a primordial setting.  Third, I recorded the Computational English song.  In this way, I prepared to wave goodbye by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

28.   I prepared to bestow professorships.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I found the police person.  Second, I said I wouldn't have been booked.  Third, I found that she was alive and kicking.  In this way, I prepared to bestow professorships by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

29.   I prepared to filter reality.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.  First, I dessicated the coconuts.  Second, I made a cake.  Third, I fed it to the grub.  In this way, I prepared to filter reality by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Meditation indicators.

30.   I prepared to love papa (the Freemason).  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.  First, I made a vegan rissole.  Second, I added plum sauce.  Third, I added salt and pepper.  In this way, I prepared to love papa (the Freemason) by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Meditation on Lucianpedia.

"]