["Green, L 2021, <i>Maharishi Sutra 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Maharishi Sutra 1 of 4


1. Maharishi, meaning teacher, is the founder of meditation.  He or she collects the foundations, the areas of study that form the school and launches the courses.  He is expected to appear during courses and also teaches meditation.


1a.     I prepared to give excellence to everything I did. Smiley face.  I did this by building the model house. First, I build the foundation. Second, I built the walls. Third, I built the roof. In this way, I prepared to give excellence to everything I did by building the model house.

2.     I prepared to eat breakfast in the army. I did this by eating the block of porridge. First, I cooked the rolled oats. Second, I poured the rolled oats into the block mold. Third, I ate them all the way to the bottom. In this way, I prepared to eat breakfast in the army by eating the block of porridge.

3.     I prepared to eat a bush meal. I did this by cooking the chestnut. First, I put the chestnut into the fire. Second, I waited until it had cooked. Third, I removed it from the fire with gloves. In this way, I prepared to eat a bush meal by cooking the chestnut.

4.     I prepared to make pedagogy work by making sure the breasonings (like the word breeze, like breathing with help from breasonings) worked. I did this by erecting the windsock. First, I made a stand. Second, I tied the windsock to it. Third, I placed it in the wind. In this way, I prepared to make pedagogy work by making sure the breasonings worked by erecting the windsock.

5.     The doctor prepared to visit another country. She did this by erasing the border. First, she drew a map in pencil. Second, she found the border. Third, she erased it. In this way, the doctor prepared to visit another country by erasing the border.

6.     I prepared to do something like going down a chemical gradient. I did this by sliding down the slide. First, I climbed the ladder. Second, I sat down at the top of the slide. Third, I lied down as a slid down the slide. In this way, I prepared to do something like going down a chemical gradient by sliding down the slide.

7.     I prepared to draw the megapixels, like As. I did this by drawing ten out of ten of the necessary pixels. First, I wrote the first meditation A about the chopsticks modelling objects. Second, I prepared to write the second meditation A. Third, I did this until I had drawn the perfect 10-member set of pixels. In this way, I prepared to draw the megapixels, like As by drawing ten out of ten of the necessary pixels.

8.     I prepared for the meditator's longevity to increase. I did this by sending the meditation pack to a new meditator. First, I included the pedagogy section in the meditation pack. Second, I included the meditation section in the meditation pack. Third, I included the medicine section and selections from the continental philosophy section in the meditation pack. In this way, I prepared for the meditator's longevity to increase by sending the meditation pack to a new meditator.

9.     I (Maharishi) prepared to adorn the stage with flowers. I did this by inserting my hand underneath the basket handle. First, I knelt down to pick up the basket. Second, I placed my arm under the handle. Third, I lifted the basket by standing up. In this way, I (Maharishi) prepared to adorn the stage with flowers by inserting my hand underneath the basket handle.

10.   I prepared to present the prospectus to the potential investor. I did this by wearing a suit. First, I put on my jacket. Second, I put on my pants. Third, I put on my shoes. In this way, I prepared to present the prospectus to the potential investor by wearing a suit.

"]