["Green, L 2021, <i>Sutra 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Green Sutra 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to make the idea clearer.  I did this by paying 5 essayists to write on my essay.  First, I wrote that I would prefer for people to learn to meditate.  Second, I asked what the essayists thought of my essay.  Third, I considered this.  In this way, I prepared to make the idea clearer by paying 5 essayists to write on my essay.

32.   I prepared to offer essays in the department.  I did this by paying 5 essayists to write on essays in one department.  First, I paid 5 essayists to write on the first essay in the department.  Second, I prepared to pay 5 essayists to write on the next essay in the department.  Third, I repeated this until I had paid 5 essayists to write on all of the essays in the department.  In this way, I prepared to offer essays in the department by paying 5 essayists to write on essays in one department.

33.   I prepared to facilitate the University Philosophy Academy.  I did this by paying 5 essayists to write on essays in each department.  First, I paid 5 essayists to write on the essays in the first department.  Second, I prepared to pay 5 essayists to write on the essays in the next department.  Third, I repeated this until I had paid 5 essayists to write on the essays in each department.  In this way, I prepared to facilitate the University Philosophy Academy by paying 5 essayists to write on essays in each department.

34.   I prepared to write 150 As for an encyclopedia article.  I did this by writing an encyclopedia article on all essays on the essays.  First, I read the primary essays.  Second, I read and understood how the essays about them related to them.  Third, I summarised these essays.  In this way, I prepared to write 150 As for an encyclopedia article by writing an encyclopedia article on all essays on the essays.

35.   I prepared to help more people.  I did this by writing articles for five encyclopedias.  First, I wrote the first encyclopedia article.  Second, I prepared to write the next encyclopedia article.  Third, I repeated this until I had written five encyclopedia articles.  In this way, I prepared to help more people by writing articles for five encyclopedias.

36.   I prepared to reap the benefits of meditation (philosophy).  I did this by holding on to steadfast reasonings.  First, I wrote the first reason.  Second, I wrote the second reason.  Third, I wrote the third reason.  In this way, I prepared to reap the benefits of meditation (philosophy) by holding on to steadfast reasonings.

37.   I prepared to meet the head of state.  I did this by shining my shoes.  First, I dipped the cloth in shoe polish.  Second, I wiped it on the shoe.  Third, I brushed the shoe.  In this way, I prepared to meet the head of state by shining my shoes.

38.   I prepared to excel as a PhD student.  I did this by counting bill's barnacles.  First, I counted the first barnacle in the row.  Second, I prepared to count the next barnacle.  Third, I repeated this until I had counted the 50 barnacles.  In this way, I prepared to excel as a PhD student by counting bill's barnacles.

39.   I prepared to bring love into my life.  I did this by observing the vein valve open.  First, I observed liquid open the vein valve.  Second, I observed the liquid move into the vein.  Third, I noticed this repeat along the vein.  In this way, I prepared to bring love into my life by observing the vein valve open.

40.  I prepared to consolidate my life by writing breasoning chapters with writing essays based on them.  I did this by observing the vein valve close.  First, I observed the liquid in the vein segment.  Second, I observed the vein valve close at one end of the vein segment.  Third, I observed that the liquid didn't flow back through the valve.  In this way, I prepared to consolidate my life by writing breasoning chapters with writing essays based on them by observing the vein valve close.

41.   I prepared to have high quality of life.  I did this by observing that I was safe.  First, I walked with people.  Second, I stayed inside at night.  Third, I lived in a low-crime area.  In this way, I prepared to have high quality of life by observing that I was safe.

42.   I prepared to remain comfortable.  I did this by observing that my body was safe.  First, I protected my body from the sun.   Second, I protected my body from the wind.  Third, I protected my body from the rain.  In this way, I prepared to remain comfortable by observing that my body was safe.

"]