["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 1 of 4


1. The Lucian mantra helps the meditator build confidence in meditation while offering the fundamental skill of meditation.  Specifically, it allows more advanced meditators to pedagogically interpret the meditator, benefitting the advanced meditator with writing his or her own arguments.  Also, the teacher helps the mantra-only meditator with business forms of medicine, pedagogy, Computational English (featuring creative writing, which, in combination with pedagogy, gives the meditator the confidence to write pedagogical arguments, the basis of A grade essays, which are token of professionalism, at school and University) and a pedagogy practicum, and other areas of study, especially while participating in the meditation community.


1a.     I prepared to study a postgraduate qualification.  I did this by licking the cream up, in other words graduating from the degree.  First, I placed my tongue perpendicular to the top of the head of the spoon.  Second, I moved my tongue forward, scooping the cream from the spoon.  Third, I stopped when I had reached the base of the spoon head.  In this way, I prepared to study a postgraduate qualification by licking the cream up, in other words graduating from the degree.

2.    I prepared to find out about the postgraduate opportunities.  I did this by lapping each particle up, in other words, researching the postgraduate programs.  First, I lifted the bowl.  Second, I tilted and drank the milk from it.  Third, I wiped my lip with a face cloth.  In this way, I prepared to find out about the postgraduate opportunities by lapping each particle up, in other words, researching the postgraduate programs.

3.     I prepared to examine the rest of the data about the animals.  I did this by pumping up the bicycle tyre, like solving a problem in the degree, e.g. calculating which direction the animal was travelling in.  First, I examined the food that the deer ate.  Second, I examined where the faeces containing traces of this food was.  Third, I calculated the vector the deer was travelling along.  In this way, I prepared to examine the rest of the data about the animals by pumping up the bicycle tyre, like solving a problem in the degree.

4.    I prepared to love meditation by performing the puja ceremony during the meditation degree.  I did this by breasoning out the meditation thoughts' breasoning lists.  First, I read the object's name and breasoned it out (thought of the object's x, y and z dimensions).  Second, I repeated this for the rest of the breasonings in that list.  Third, I repeated this for the rest of the breasoning lists.  In this way, I prepared to love meditation by performing the puja ceremony during the meditation degree by breasoning out the meditation thoughts' breasoning lists.

5.    I prepared to love you to make you happy.  I did this by shaking hands with you.  First, I watched you lift you hand.  Second, I lifted my hand.  Third, I shook your hand.  In this way, I prepared to love you to make you happy by shaking hands with you.

6.    I prepared to love everyone else to be friendly.  I did this by emptying the pencil shaving into the mini-bin.  First, I chose the red pencil.  Second, I rotated it in the pencil sharpener.  Third, I opened the mini-bin and placed the pencil shavings inside it.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone else to be friendly by emptying the pencil shaving into the mini-bin.

7.    I prepared to attend class.  I did this by bouncing the rubber ball.  First, I bounced the ball in the first position.  Second, I prepared to bounce the ball again.  Third, I repeated this until I had bounced the ball in each position.  In this way, I prepared to attend class by bouncing the rubber ball.

8.    I prepared to love you.  I did this by blowing up the balloon.  First, I attached the balloon's neck to the helium tube.  Second, I released the helium tap.  Third, I stopped the tap when the balloon had filled with helium.  In this way, I prepared to love you by blowing up the balloon.

9.     I prepared to love myself by helping you.  I did this by taking the burger from you.  First, I lifted my finger.  Second, a burger was placed on it.  Third, I pulled my finger down.  In this way, I prepared to love myself by helping you by taking the burger from you.

10.   The Lucianic Meditator prepared to prevent cancer.  She did this by increasing the other religion's meditation technique to do this.  First, she rewrote the Lucianic Meditation scriptures.  Second, she breasoned these out.  Third, she repeated 80 lucian mantras and 80 green sutras per day to access the knowledge for her current and future monastics and followers.  In this way, the Lucianic Meditator prepared to prevent cancer by increasing the other religion's meditation technique to do this.

"]