["Green, L 2021, <i>Yellow God 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Yellow God 2 of 4

11. I prepared for over-engineering of the bridge. I did this by hitting the ball on the string (representing over-engineering) on the stand. First, I picked up the bat. Second, I moved the bat backwards. Third, I hit the ball. In this way, I prepared for over-engineering of the bridge by hitting the ball on the string (representing over-engineering) on the stand.

12. I prepared to put through an A with a 'negatable pressure cup appearance', in other words negatably but in a way that is protected by meditation, placing a medical question on oneself (thinking of a dental drill, the medical question and a conclusion) for a child to be conceived, a job to be earned or an H1 to be supported. I did this by holding the dog model, like the pressure cup. First, I picked up the dog model. Second, I held it. Third, I placed it on the ground. In this way, I prepared to put through an A with a 'negatable pressure cup appearance' by holding the dog model, like the pressure cup.

13. I prepared to be big and good by teaching Lucianic Meditation. I did this by learning Lucianic Meditation. First, I repeated the breasonings details to God (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entries 8 and 9). Second, I said the meditation details to a God (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entry 10 and Abracadabra and unabridged Abracadabra 2 song meanings). Third, I practiced Lucianic Meditation by saying 80 lucian mantras and 80 green sutras in my head. In this way, I prepared to be big and good by teaching Lucianic Meditation by learning Lucianic Meditation.

14. I prepared to like Maharishi. I did this by teaching Lucianic Meditation. First, I said the breasonings details in an appearance to Maharishi Lucian (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entries 8 and 9). Second, I repeated the meditation details to Maharishi Lucian (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entry 10 and Abracadabra and unabridged Abracadabra 2 song meanings). Third, I taught the student to meditate by repeating 80 lucian mantras and 80 green sutras. In this way, I prepared to like Maharishi by teaching Lucianic Meditation.

15. I prepared to store the bit on a subatomic particle. I did this by bringing a citrus fruit to the gathering. First, I packed the mandarin.  Second, I brought it with me to the gathering.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to store the bit on a subatomic particle by bringing a citrus fruit to the gathering.

16. I prepared to reintroduce my controversial argument for publishing.  I did this by editing out the literature review from the PhD, leaving the critique, for publishing.  First, I selected the literature review.  Second, I deleted it.  Third, I published the PhD.  In this way, I prepared to reintroduce my controversial argument for publishing by editing out the literature review from the PhD, leaving the critique, for publishing.

17. I prepared to write an argument for the intelligent pop song for it to be examined.  I did this by stating properties of disagreeing (agreeing) arguments.  First, I wrote in relation to a positive idea.  Second, I wrote a single argument.  Third, I connected the arguments in a structure.  In this way, I prepared to write an argument for the intelligent pop song for it to be examined by stating properties of disagreeing (agreeing) arguments.

18. I prepared to write magna opera.  I did this by sitting and writing.  First, I bought a height-adjustable chair with no arms to fit under the table and scheduled regular breaks.  Second, I sat.  Third, I wrote.  In this way, I prepared to write magna opera by sitting and writing.

19. I prepared to eat healthily.  I did this by eating while sitting.  First, I ate less food and fewer units of energy.  Second, I chewed it more carefully.  Third, I tasted my meal.  In this way, I prepared to eat healthily by eating while sitting.

20. I prepared to prevent depression.  I did this by studying the medicine short course.  First, I noticed the person was depressed (hadn't studied medicine).  Second, I suggested that the person pay me $50 to 'put through' the Medicine As on my system to prevent depression.  Third, the person agreed.  In this way, I prepared to prevent depression by studying the medicine short course.

"]