["Green, L 2021, <i>Blue Nature 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Blue Nature 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to give the song I am not a Peach and medicine degree away.  I did this by giving the woman the anti-depression song and anti-depression degree.  First, I gave the woman the anti-depression song.  Second, I gave the woman the anti-depression degree.  Third, I observed her as happy.  In this way, I prepared to give the song I am not a Peach and medicine degree away by giving the woman the anti-depression song and anti-depression degree.

32.   I prepared to concentrate on health for peace, in addition to happiness and wisdom for necessary reasons.  I did this by stating that peace reigned.  First, I discovered the health degrees.  Second, I discovered the famous (happiness) degrees.  Third, I discovered the Ancient Greece-inspired (wisdom) degrees.  In this way, I prepared to concentrate on health for peace, in addition to happiness and wisdom for necessary reasons by stating that peace reigned.

33.   I prepared to ask, what is the point besides statistics?  I did this by observing them experience love.  First, I visited the gardens.  Second, I walked to the lakeside.  Third, I observed the two swans frame a heart.  In this way, I prepared to ask, what is the point besides statistics by observing them experience love.

34.   I prepared to get back to black to maintain the home.  I did this by liking the red home.  First, I ironed out mistakes from the good, found-out song.  Second, I wrote n*50 sales As, finding out people for buying from the Vatican.  Third, I watch the Stephanies sell it.  In this way, I prepared to get back to black to maintain the home by liking the red home.

35.   I prepared to write personal departmental famousness and 5 famous sales sets of 50 As.  I did this by writing that blue nature is before yellow God (master).  First, I wrote the areas of study.  Second, I sought accreditation for an institution.  Third, I waited for customers.  In this way, I prepared to write personal departmental famousness and 5 famous sales sets of 50 As by writing that blue nature is before yellow God (master).

36.   I prepared to model nature form around the Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) centre.  I did this by modelling nature.  First, I watched the leaf fall.  Second, I watched the butterfly fluttering.  Third, I watched the customers come.  In this way, I prepared to model nature form around the Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) centre by modelling nature.

37.   I prepared to allow for a twist in the narrative.  I did this by programming the English-of-Nature Assistant Algorithm.  First, I wrote the natural phenomenon down.  Second, I wrote the context of this as an English story.  Third, I programmed an algorithm to assist with analysing the cognitive timing of this narrative.  In this way, I prepared to allow for a twist in the narrative by programming the English-of-Nature Assistant Algorithm.

38.   I prepared to agree with a statement under a different condition.  I did this by playing hoity-toity rhythm and roity (coits).  First, I threw the coit onto the rod.  Second, I claimed the rod concealed the coit.  Third, I imagined Heidegger claiming the coit concealed the rod.  In this way, I prepared to agree with a statement under a different condition by playing hoity-toity rhythm and roity (coits).

39.   I prepared to neaten the handwriting.  I did this by writing the calligraphy algorithm.  First, I turned the nib on an angle.  Second, I wrote the lower case a's loop.  Third, I wrote the a's tail.  In this way, I prepared to neaten the handwriting by writing the calligraphy algorithm.

40.  I prepared to come to the home-bot.  I did this by being delighted by the robot's appearance.  First, I meditated (wrote) to have a stronger appearance.  Second, I wrote my questions for the person I was appearing to in terms of pedagogical breasonings.  Third, I wrote algorithms in terms of medicine to react to all possible answers.  In this way, I prepared to come to the home-bot by being delighted by the robot's appearance.

41.   I prepared to write the time code in the leaf.  I did this by looking at the leaf.  First, I looked at the bright screen.  Second, I wore wrap-around sunglasses.  Third, I recorded the pattern on the time-code leaf.  In this way, I prepared to write the time code in the leaf by looking at the leaf.

42.   I prepared to record the appearance of the bark.  I did this by looking at the bark.  First, I walked to the tree.  Second, I sketched the vertical features of the bark.  Third, I sketched the horizontal features of the bark.  In this way, I prepared to record the appearance of the bark by looking at the bark.
"]