["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 1 of 4


1. This argument for the Lucian mantra describes sun safety.


1a.     I prepared to love the sun.  I did this by sitting in the sun outside 11:00 AM - 3:00 PM.  First, I sat on a hammock in the sun from 10:00 - 11:00 AM.  Second, I played cricket from 3:00 - 4:00 AM.  Third, I had afternoon tea from 5:00 - 6:00 PM.  In this way, I prepared to love the sun by sitting in the sun outside 11:00 AM - 3:00 PM.

2.    I prepared to enjoy the sun.  I did this by sitting in the sun when it was overcast.  First, I waited until the sun had gone behind a cloud.  Second, I sat on a beach chair.  Third, I went inside when the sun came out from behind a cloud.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the sun by sitting in the sun when it was overcast.

3.     I prepared to make an Aboriginal humpy.  I did this by sitting under the tarpaulin.  First, I placed rocks on two corners of the tarpaulin.  Second, I tied two corners of the tarpaulin to rods in the ground.  Third, I sat under the tarpaulin.  In this way, I prepared to make an Aboriginal humpy by sitting under the tarpaulin.

4.    I prepared to sleep until I had had enough sleep.  I did this by sleeping under the beach umbrella.  First, I placed the beach umbrella in the stand.  Second, I observed where it's shadow was.  Third, I slept in this place.  In this way, I prepared to sleep until I had had enough sleep by sleeping under the beach umbrella.

5.    I prepared to walk around in the maze.  I did this by putting on a sun hat.  First, I attached corks to strings.  Second, I attached the strings to the hat.  Third, I placed the hat on my head.  In this way, I prepared to walk around in the maze by putting on a sun hat.

6.    I prepared to write about hats.  I did this by wearing a long-sleeved sun shirt.  First, I cut out the material.  Second, I sewed the sides together.  Third, I put it on.  In this way, I prepared to write about hats by wearing a long-sleeved sun shirt.

7.    I prepared to walk around the hill.  I did this by wearing the long sun pants.  First, I unrolled them.  Second, I ironed them.  Third, I put them on.  In this way, I prepared to walk around the hill by wearing the long sun pants.

8.    I prepared to do some gardening.  I did this by sliding on the sun gloves.  First, I outturned them so they weren't inside out.  Second, I put my finger tips inside the palm of the glove.  Third, I pulled the gloves so my fingers went into the finger holes.  In this way, I prepared to do some gardening by wearing the sun gloves.

9.     I prepared to walk along the esplanade.  I did this by sliding into the sun shoes.  First, I opened the heel.  Second, I placed my toe into the heel.  Third, I pulled the shoe onto my foot.  In this way, I prepared to walk along the esplanade by sliding into the sun shoes.

10.   I prepared to walk in the park after 3:00 PM.  I did this by wearing sunscreen.  First, I found the sunscreen container.  Second, I tipped the bottle.  Third, I dropped some on my hand and applied it to the exposed parts of my skin.  In this way, I prepared to walk in the park after 3:00 PM by wearing sunscreen.

"]