["Green, L 2021, <i>Soma 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Soma 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to dig in.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I wanted more.  Second, I received more.  Third, I listened to it in the music.  In this way, I prepared to dig in by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

22.   I prepared to see everyone soon.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I write 'the'.  Second, I understood it in a way from the repetition.  Third, I kept them both as friends.  In this way, I prepared to see everyone soon by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

23.   I prepared to eat with the chopsticks.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I asked what the breasonings details were.  Second, I hugged you.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to eat with the chopsticks by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

24.   I prepared to write on all things.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote that writing on the self and other was developed.  Second, I found myself writing on Daoism.  Third, I found myself writing on Continental Philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to write on all things by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

25.  I prepared to write about the main topic.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I ordered the self and other argument.  Second, I wrote the algorithm.  Third, I connected the algorithm and the breasonings through the argument.  In this way, I prepared to write about the main topic by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

26.   I prepared to say metaphor was interesting to Plato.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote that I was a transsexual.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I presented the flower to Meinong.  In this way, I prepared to say metaphor was interesting to Plato by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

27.   I prepared to turn it off.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote how it was ecstatic.  Second, I drank the granita.  Third, I turned the granite.  In this way, I prepared to turn it off by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

28.   I prepared to commence my PhD-like Masters.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I had so much fun.  Second, I it was the bet ever.  Third, I wrote the Dr Who was based on Hello, Speaker.  In this way, I prepared to commence my PhD-like Masters by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

29.   I prepared to come close and have fun.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote naturally.  Second, I wrote you are a nice person.  Third, I wrote she was a professor.  In this way, I prepared to come close and have fun by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Pedagogy section on Lucianpedia.

30.   I prepared to wear sunglasses close to the graduation ceremony.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine essays.  First, I came back with the song.  Second, I graduated with Honours.  Third, I liked it.  In this way, I prepared to wear sunglasses close to the graduation ceremony by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine essays.

"]