["Green, L 2021, <i>Blue Nature 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Blue Nature 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to verify that it was all right outside the buildings where the public domain text was used.  I did this by observing the students study the texts in the public domain (out of legal copyright).  First, I couldn't be sued.  Second, I stated that this previous sentence had a seen as version 'I was protected'.  Third, I stated that if this were true, it would mean the students could write it down, as long as it made sense.  In this way, I prepared to verify that it was all right outside the buildings where the public domain text was used by observing the students study the texts in the public domain (out of legal copyright).

12.   I prepared to sing my case.  I did this by determining the song lyrics from A or B philosophy arguments.  First, I stated the main conclusion, 'I felt happy'.  Second, I stated the reason 'I ate the apple' or objection 'I choked on the apple'.  Third, I stated the connection 'I felt happy because I ate the apple' or 'I felt happy, however I choked on the apple'.  In this way, I prepared to sing my case by determining the song lyrics from A or B philosophy arguments.

13.    I prepared to escape the abductor by pulling my wrist towards her thumb.  I did this by selling the song.  First, I connected the objections selling the song using a reason backbone.  Second, I wrote 6 of 16 breasonings per lyric selling the song.  Third, I breasoned out 50 As selling the song to 4 customers.  In this way, I prepared to escape the abductor by pulling my wrist towards her thumb by selling the song.

14.   I prepared to install government.  I did this by liking Rococo.  First, I walked through the field.  Second, I noticed the bees falling off me.  Third, I quickly left.  In this way, I prepared to install government by liking Rococo.

15.   I prepared to believe that vrooming exists.  I did this by liking Dada.  First, I wrote to Dada.  Second, I thanked him.  Third, I moved on.  In this way, I prepared to believe that vrooming exists by liking Dada.

16.   I prepared to state that there should be more eateries in Impressionism.  I did this by liking Impressionism.  First, I wrote about people dining.  Second, I wrote about people eating.  Third, I wrote about people desiccating.  In this way, I prepared to state that there should be more eateries in Impressionism by liking Impressionism.

17.   I prepared to understand words by synonyms for them that were easier to understand.  I did this by examining the first heavenly virtue chastity.  First, I demonstrated cleanliness.  Second, I demonstrated wisdom.  Third, I demonstrated sincerity.  In this way, I prepared to understand words by synonyms for them that were easier to understand by examining the first heavenly virtue chastity.

18.   I prepared to relate metaphysics to pedagogy.  I did this by examining the second heavenly virtue temperance.  First, I demonstrated being social.  Second, I demonstrated fairness.  Third, I demonstrated distinction.  In this way, I prepared to relate metaphysics to pedagogy by examining the second heavenly virtue temperance.

19.    I prepared to establish a charity fund for students who wanted to use the services of my organisation.  I did this by examining the third heavenly virtue charity.  First, I demonstrated determination.  Second, I demonstrated bountifulness.  Third, I demonstrated liberality.  In this way, I prepared to establish a charity fund for students who wanted to use the services of my organisation by examining the third heavenly virtue charity.

20.  I prepared to focus on the grades of the students who wrote their own arguments in the academy.  I did this by examining the fourth heavenly virtue diligence.  First, I demonstrated perseverance.  Second, I demonstrated power.  Third, I demonstrated morals.  In this way, I prepared to focus on the grades of the students who wrote their own arguments in the academy by examining the fourth heavenly virtue diligence.

"]