["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Pure Form) 3 of 4

21.   I prepared for the king to give me the serotonin feeling.  I did this by saying the star was at university.  First, the student studied theatre studies.  Second, he breasoned out 50 As.  Third, he earned the main role in the play.  In this way, I prepared for the king to give me the serotonin feeling by saying the star was at university.

22.   I prepared to be happy.  I did this by having happy thoughts dropped into my mind.  First, I made a model theatre stage.  Second, I placed a star on the backdrop.  Third, I placed a heart on the backdrop and a calf on stage.  In this way, I prepared to be happy by having happy thoughts dropped into my mind.

23.   I prepared to be relaxed.  I did this by having relaxed feelings dropped into my body.  First, I lied on the bed.  Second, I dropped slowness into my organs.  Third, I dropped softness into my limbs and silence into my senses. In this way, I prepared to be relaxed by having relaxed feelings dropped into my body.

24.   I prepared to meet the professor from the independent school.  I did this by having a discussion with him, during which he realised that I was the writer of 'Pedagogy', (or  'H1' or 'On Pedagogy').  First, I listed my works.  Second, I included the title 'Pedagogy' in the list.  Third, he recognised the title 'Pedagogy' as my work.  In this way, I prepared to meet the professor from the independent school by having a discussion with him, during which he realised that I was the writer of 'Pedagogy'.

25.  I prepared to become a pop singer.  I did this by singing famous thoughts I was given to a microphone.  First, I was given the thought 'La la di'.  Second, I played the guitar.  Third, I sang 'La la di' to the microphone.  In this way, I prepared to become a pop singer by singing famous thoughts I was given to a microphone.

26.   I prepared to repeat the mantra.  I did this by doing push-ups on the mat.  First, I placed the mat on the floor.  Second, I lied on the mat with my hands pointing forwards on the mat flat next to my shoulders.  Third, I slowly performed one push-up.  In this way, I prepared to repeat the mantra by doing push-ups on the mat.

27.   I prepared to enjoy clarity with the Queen.  I did this by drinking the red grape juice.  First, I placed the plastic wine glass on the plastic table.  Second, I poured red grape juice into the glass.  Third, I sipped the juice from that glass.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy clarity with the Queen by drinking the red grape juice.

28.   I prepared to establish the new centre.  I did this by letting the meditation student come to me.  First, I made cultural and linguistic adjustments to the texts.  Second, I checked how much money was needed for the schools, university and meditation centres.  Third, I let the local people know, performed breasoning of a text each day from the advertisement to the class, and on the day some students came to me.  In this way, I prepared to establish the new centre by letting the meditation student come to me.

29.   I prepared to examine an object.  I did this by swinging a pendulum.  First, I picked up the pendulum by it's handle.  Second, I lifted the pendulum in the air so that it hung down.  Third, I gently swung the pendulum.  In this way, I prepared to examine an object by swinging a pendulum.

30.   I prepared to test how large the solar system was.  I did this by making a model of the sun with string rays.  First, I placed the yellow ball on the small stand.  Second, I dispensed and detached 0.02 metres of transparent adhesive tape.  Third, I attached a 0.2 metre strand of yellow wool to the yellow ball with the tape, then I repeated the final two steps until 6 rays had been attached to the sun.  In this way, I prepared to test how large the solar system was by making a model of the sun with string rays.

"]