["Green, L 2021, <i>Yellow God 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Yellow God 1 of 4


1.God, with all elements of meditation, needs an argument to represent him or her.  God simply makes imagery available and so, allows meditation possible.


1a. I prepared to write the algorithm for the transcript of the game Dido's gameplay. I did this by achieving the state audience level in the game Dido. First, I bought tickets. Second, I walked to my seat in the auditorium. Third, I sat down on the seat in the auditorium. In this way, I prepared to write the algorithm for the transcript of the game Dido's gameplay by achieving the state audience level in the game Dido.

2. I prepared to lecture the economics students in creative economics. I did this by opening out the rotunda. First, I identified the spindle. Second, I started pulling the ribbon from the spindle. Third, I continued doing this until I had completely pulled the ribbon. In this way, I prepared to lecture the economics students in creative economics by opening out the rotunda.

3. I prepared to go to heaven. I did this by rushing the blessings on myself. First, I said the breasonings details in a representation to a current God (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entries 8 and 9). Second, I said the meditation details to God (see Jacqueline Publicity primary text entry 10 and Abracadabra and unabridged Abracadabra 2 song meanings). Third, I meditated on Maharishi Lucian by repeating 80 lucian mantras and 80 green sutras to give myself enough job training until that point, enabling me to go to heaven. In this way, I prepared to go to heaven by rushing the blessings on myself.

4. I prepared to write about being Maharishi. I did this by writing the essay about God in Heaven. First, I wrote about monotheism, in other words, believing in a single God. Second, I wrote about having perfect health. Third, I wrote about meditating each day to achieve this. In this way, I prepared to write about being Maharishi by writing the essay about God in Heaven.

5. I prepared to move forward in science. I did this by giving today a carrot. First, I found today's pigeonhole. Second, I found the carrot inside the pigeonhole. Third, I withdrew the carrot from the pigeonhole. In this way I prepared to move forward in science by giving today a carrot.

6. Lucianic Meditation prepared to love the world. Lucianic Meditation did this by spreading peace throughout the world. First, it made the first person happy. Second, it prepared to make the second person happy. Third, it repeated this until all the meditators were happy. In this way, Lucianic Meditation prepared to love the world by spreading peace throughout the world.

7. I prepared to mark the theology essay. I did this by thinking of a use for a computer science formula for each person, for example a person's rate of work = his or her change in concentration (number of ideas) / time. First, I wrote the first idea in a minute during the semester for the student to paraphrase. Second, I prepared to write the second idea in the second minute. Third, I repeated this until I had worked at a rate of 1 idea / 1 minute = 1 idea per minute.

8. I prepared to speak with heads of state about the world's issues. I did this by breasoning out 110 objects before counting to 50 to act as exercise for high quality thoughts (in other words, by multiplying the number of 110 object-As by 50). First, I introduced meditation to prevent poverty. Second, I introduced pedagogy to schools. Third, I introduced meditation to prevent the need for hospitals. In this way, I prepared to speak with heads of state about the world's issues by multiplying the number of As by 50.

9. I prepared to eat the communal dinner in Lucianic Meditation. I did this by drinking the strawberry sauce. First, I swallowed the strawberry sauce down my throat. Second, I enjoyed it. Third, I had spooned some more strawberry sauce. In this way, I prepared to eat the communal dinner in Lucianic Meditation by drinking the strawberry sauce.

10. I prepared for good to defeat evil, in this case, the cockatoos ate grass because there were no evil enemies. I did this by loving the large cockfest. First, I encouraged the first cockatoo. Second, I prepared to encourage the next cockatoo. Third, I repeated this until I had encouraged the 10 cockatoos in the cockfest. In this way, I prepared for good to defeat evil, in this case, the cockatoos ate grass because there were no evil enemies by loving the large cockfest.

"]