["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to test whether the water resistant sunscreen protected me from the water.  I did this by testing whether the sunscreen was water resistant.  First, I applied the sunscreen to a section of my skin.  Second, I dropped a droplet of water onto this section.  Third, I examined the droplet of water roll down this section of my skin.  In this way, I prepared to test whether the water resistant sunscreen protected me from the water by testing whether the sunscreen was water resistant.

32.   I prepared to walk along the glass corridor at midday.  I did this by wearing the wide brimmed hat.  First, I measured the width of the hat.  Second, I divided this by 2.  Third, I noted that this was the width from the centre of my head to the edge of the brim.  In this way, I prepared to walk along the glass corridor at midday by wearing the wide brimmed hat.

33.   I prepared to avoid the sun.  I did this by sitting in the vehicle.  First, I sat in the vehicle.  Second, I switched on the air conditioning.  Third, I avoided the sun.  In this way, I prepared to avoid the sun by sitting in the vehicle.

34.   I prepared to design a production.  I did this by avoiding the sun.  First, I went for a walk before the sun reached high intensity.  Second, I avoided the sun.  Third, I went for a walk after the sun reached high intensity.  In this way, I prepared to design a production by avoiding the sun.

35.   I prepared to drink lemonade.  I did this by breasoning out my action in relation to the sun.  First, I calculated the angle of the sun from me.  Second, I breasoned out my action.  Third, I performed my action.  In this way, I prepared to drink lemonade by breasoning out my action in relation to the sun.

36.   I prepared to avoid spending too much time in the sun.  I did this by timing my sun exposure.  First, I wrote down the initial minute of my sun exposure.  Second, I wrote down the final minute of my sun exposure.  Third, I calculate the time of my sun exposure by subtracting the initial minute of my sun exposure from the final minute of my sun exposure.  In this way, I prepared to avoid spending too much time in the sun by timing my sun exposure.

37.   I prepared to ensure my dependents were exposed to zero sun.  I did this by controlling how much sun they were exposed to.  First, I asked them to wear long sleeved shirts.  Second, I asked them to wear sun cream.  Third, I asked them to wear hats.  In this way, I prepared to ensure my dependents were exposed to zero sun by controlling how much sun they were exposed to.

38.   I prepared to be protected temporally.  I did this by protecting myself from the sun forever, until a date (I frequently bought sun cream).  First, I bought sun cream in the first month.  Second, I bought sun cream in the second month.  Third, I bought sun cream on the third month.  In this way, I prepared to be protected temporally by protecting myself from the sun forever, until a date (I frequently bought sun cream).

39.   I prepared to schedule sport before or after the sun's high intensity time period.  I did this by following the government's advice about when to go outside.  First, I accessed the bureau's latest data.  Second, I accessed the initial time of the sun's high intensity time period.  Third, I accessed the final time of the sun's high intensity time period.  In this way, I prepared to schedule sport before or after the sun's high intensity time period by following the government's advice about when to go outside.

40.  I prepared to perform my task.  I did this by using the insect repellant.  First, I sprayed the aerosol on my hand.  Second, I applied the liquid to my face, arms and neck.  Third, I entered the insect space.  In this way, I prepared to perform my task by using the insect repellant.

41.   I prepared to drive with tinted windows.  I did this by avoiding too many ultraviolet rays.  First, I wore clothing that covered my arms and legs and a hat with a wide brim to protect my head, face, neck and ears.  Second, I wore sunglasses that wrapped around and blocked both UVA and UVB rays.  Third, I used sunscreen with sun protection factor (or SPF) 15 or greater, with both UVA and UVB protection.  In this way, I prepared to drive with tinted windows by avoiding too many ultraviolet rays.

42.   I prepared to avoid too much visible light.  I did this by determining which wrap-around sunglasses to buy.  First, I measured my face.  Second, I determined my face shape.  Third, I found a style of sunglasses.

43.     I prepared to avoid sunstroke.  I did this by avoiding too much heat from the sun.  First, I remained hydrated, exercised in milder weather and avoided sunburn.  Second, I wore cool clothing.  Third, I allowed myself to gradually adjust to the heat.  In this way, I prepared to avoid sunstroke by avoiding too much heat from the sun.

"]