["Green, L 2021, <i>Hours Prayer 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Hours Prayer 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to take care of the ducklings.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I ate the seed baum.  Second, I noticed it killed the duckling.  Third, I put it away.  In this way, I prepared to take care of the ducklings by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

12.   I prepared to eat out with his smock on.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I loved licky.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I loved serengitis (sic).  In this way, I prepared to eat out with his smock on by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

13.    I prepared to write I liked the lack of headaches on trains from yoga.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I wrote I liked the babies the best.  Second, I wrote I accepted Berocca.  Third, I wrote I loved the lack of headaches.  In this way, I prepared to write I liked the lack of headaches on trains from yoga by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

14.   I prepared to love Richard Rorty.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine indicators .  First, I turned his card over.  Second, I found him dishevelled.  Third, I dropped his hand.  In this way, I prepared to love Richard Rorty by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

15.   I prepared to I write I would have preferred to have known about Lucianic Medicine and the indicators it would have helped.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I held Richard's hand.  Second, I kissed it.  Third, I wrote I liked all the medicine indicators.  In this way, I prepared to I write I would have preferred to have known about Lucianic Medicine and the indicators it would have helped by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

16.   I prepared to write 'Who's that?'  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I wrote I asked what the point of the medicine indicators is.  Second, I wrote I agreed with them.  Third, I wrote I indicated them myself.  In this way, I prepared to write 'Who's that?' by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

17.   I prepared to dot on sorry to the Head of State before any mistakes to avoid the headache from a tank spiritually running over my head.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I wrote heaps.  Second, I wrote many.  Third, I wrote more.  In this way, I prepared to dot on sorry to the Head of State before any mistakes to avoid the headache from a tank spiritually running over my head by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

18.   I prepared to ignore Nietzsche.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I mopped up the rest of the headaches, mistakes, multiple breasonings turned on still and muscular aches by dotting on sorry to the Head of State before any mistakes to avoid the headache from a tank spiritually running over my head.  Second, I passed people.  Third, I became Head of State.  In this way, I prepared to ignore Nietzsche by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

19.    I prepared to love God (the master).  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I got dressed.  Second, I got in the car.  Third, I drove off.  In this way, I prepared to love God (the master) by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

20.  I prepared to write I loved Meinong and was famous.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I took no notice.  Second, I liked his estates.  Third, I liked him a little.  In this way, I prepared to write I loved Meinong and was famous by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

"]