["Green, L 2021, <i>Hours Prayer 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Hours Prayer 1 of 4



1. Meditation, like any system, must work around the clock, by use of the Hours prayer.  Updates to mental imagery, thoughts and memory, as well as medical and other processes are completed.

1a.     I prepared to excavate the blog.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked me.  Third, I liked everyone.  In this way, I prepared to excavate the blog by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

2.    I prepared to eat out with Charlotte.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I liked Adrian.  Second, I liked myself, Lucian.  Third, I liked myself, Lucian, more.  In this way, I prepared to eat out with Charlotte by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

3.     I prepared to like parliamentarians.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I like Munster.  Second, I like Munery.  Third, I like the church promenade.  In this way, I prepared to like parliamentarians by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

4.    I prepared to see what was in addition to BestThinking.com.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine blog .  First, I like answering the scammer to tell them off.  Second, I studied computer science already.  Third, I made up a new premise.  In this way, I prepared to see what was in addition to BestThinking.com by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine blog.

5.    I prepared to eat vuckanova (sic).  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I wrote the book.  Second, I wrote you a story.  Third, I liked determinism, not luck.  In this way, I prepared to eat vuckanova (sic) by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Medicine blog.

6.    I prepared to endorse the endometrium.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I deterred the poltergeist from eating feces himself.  Second, I noted light speed travel was currently impossible.  Third, I liked light.  In this way, I prepared to endorse the endometrium by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

7.    I prepared to endorse Malcolm Turnbull.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I liked Malcolm Turnbull.  Second, I ate with the solar system.  Third, I loved light.  In this way, I prepared to endorse Malcolm Turnbull by writing the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

8.    I prepared to endorse Nietzsche's brilliance.  I did this by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I called it Anarchy 3.  Second, I liked brilliance.  Third, I liked Nietzsche's brilliance.  In this way, I prepared to endorse Nietzsche's brilliance by writing Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

9.     I prepared to helped out at Christmas.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I endorsed the slave.  Second, I endorsed the Masters.  Third, I loved life.  In this way, I prepared to helped out at Christmas by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

10.   I prepared to dice with the devil.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine blog.  First, I cheered the lady up.  Second, I helped her to Medicine.  Third, I loved her.  In this way, I prepared to dice with the devil by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine blog.

"]