["Green, L 2021, <i>Hours Prayer 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Hours Prayer 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to become a transsexual.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I had make-up applied.  Second, I put a frock on.  Third, I wore panty-hose on.  In this way, I prepared to become a transsexual by writing the Press Release for Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

22.   I prepared to listen to combinations of music.  I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I recommended meditation for royal-minded people.  Second, I delighted people.  Third, I lived and let live.  In this way, I prepared to listen to combinations of music by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

23.   I prepared to finish my degree by studying it full-time.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.  First, I experienced the cool change.  Second, I noticed Oprah.  Third, I rode my way to posterity.  In this way, I prepared to finish my degree by studying it full-time by writing the Press Release for Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Medicine indicators.

24.   I prepared to read it.  I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote 50 1 breasoning As to attend a pop concert.  Second, I wrote 50 1 breasoning As to write a pop song.  Third, I received 50 As from the Head of State for these.  In this way, I prepared to read it by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

25.  I prepared to find out about Adam Levine as well.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I liked Medicine.  Second, I liked the other.  Third, I liked the self.  In this way, I prepared to find out about Adam Levine as well by writing the Press Release for Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

26.   I prepared to design my own comments.  I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote I loved Anarchy.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I loved myself.  In this way, I prepared to design my own comments by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

27.   I prepared to avoid Harry.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I liked John.  Second, I liked Dick.  Third, I liked you to Harry.  In this way, I prepared to avoid Harry by writing the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

28.   I prepared to dance the moonwalk.  I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I thought of the cow (mutating).  Second, I loved Gene.  Third, I ate the bean.  In this way, I prepared to dance the moonwalk by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

29.   I prepared to love the lady from the Masters ceremony as well.  I did this by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I wrote the press release.  Second, I protected his feelings.  Third, I loved Adrian.  In this way, I prepared to love the lady from the Masters ceremony as well by writing the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

30.   I prepared to help Adrian's spout out a little.  I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.  First, I liked Medicine on Lucianpedia.  Second, I gave a pet spider to Adrian.  Third, I watch it run up the spout.  In this way, I prepared to help Adrian's spout out a little by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on Medicine on Lucianpedia.

"]