["Green, L 2021, <i>Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Lucian Mantra (Sun Safety) 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to film a movie next to a church.  I did this by placing sunglasses on my face.  First, I opened the sunglasses' left arm.  Second, I opened the sunglasses' right arm.  Third, I placed the sunglasses' arms on my ears.  In this way, I prepared to film a movie next to a church by placing sunglasses on my face.

12.   I prepared to prevent ultraviolet radiation burning my skin after being reflected from the water.  I did this by applying sun-spray to my skin.  First, I applied sun-spray to my head.  Second, I applied sun-spray to my chest and back.  Third, I applied sun-spray to my limbs.  In this way, I prepared to prevent ultraviolet radiation burning my skin after being reflected from the water by applying sun-spray to my skin.

13.    I prepared to prevent heat reflected from the sand irritating my skin.  I did this by applying spray-on sunscreen.  First, I sprayed the soles of my feet.  Second, I sprayed the palms of my hands.  Third, I sprayed the back of my neck.  In this way, I prepared to prevent heat reflected from the sand irritating my skin by applying spray-on sunscreen.

14.   I prepared to prevent light reflecting on me from the models of the two cities.  I did this by applying sun-gel.  First, I squeezed out some sun-gel onto my hand.  Second, I placed it on my forehead.  Third, I massaged it onto my forehead's skin.  In this way, I prepared to prevent light reflecting on me from the models of the two cities by applying sun-gel.

15.   The builder prepared to shield the employees from the sun.  She did this by erecting a marquee at the building site.  First, she unfolded it.  Second, she pulled out it's arms.  Third, she placed in the courtyard.  In this way, the builder prepared to shield the employees from the sun by erecting a marquee at the building site.

16.   The teacher prepared to play chess.  He did this by telling the students to stay under trees.  First, he skipped to the first tree.  Second, he stayed underneath it.  Third, the students joined him.  In this way, the teacher prepared to play chess by telling the students to stay under trees.

17.   The girl's mother prepared to protect her daughter's skin from burning.  She did this by teaching her to stay inside when the ultraviolet (UV) index was high.  First, she read the UV index.  Second, she verified that it was high.  Third, she asked her daughter to stay in the `.  In this way, the girl's mother prepared to protect her daughter's skin from burning by teaching her to stay inside when the ultraviolet (UV) index was high.

18.   The carer prepared to push the lady's wheelchair.  She did this by placing her in the shade.  First, she lifted the lady into the wheelchair.  Second, she wheeled the wheelchair along the path.  Third, she stopped when they reached the shade.  In this way, the carer prepared to push the lady's wheelchair by placing her in the shade.

19.    The elder prepared to quench everyone's thirst.  She did this by distributing water into bottles.  First, she poured water into the first bottle.  Second, she put the lid onto the bottle.  Third, she put it into the cool box.  In this way, she prepared to quench everyone's thirst by distributing water into bottles.

20.  I prepared to spend morning tea outside from 9:45 AM - 10:00 AM, when the sun was low in the sky.  I did this by eating an apple.  First, I opened my lunch box.  Second, I took out the apple.  Third, I cut it into cubes and ate it.  In this way, I prepared to spend morning tea outside by eating an apple.

"]