["Green, L 2021, <i>Upasana Sutra 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Upasana Sutra 1 of 4


1. Upasana, meaning meditation, is the sutra that first allows one to see high quality imagery and write on pedagogy.  Pedagogy arguments may be written on meditation, medicine, pedagogy, etc., and eventually lead to the cycle of business in these and starting new forms of meditation.


1a. I prepared to love the historians. I did this by kissing you. First, I put lipstick on my upper lip. Second, I put lipstick on my lower lip. Third, I gave you a kiss. In this way, I prepared to love the historians by kissing you.

2. I prepared to love being in you. I did this by licking a heart-shaped ice-cream. First, I licked from the bottom point of the heart to the top-left hand point of the heart ice-cream. Second, I licked from the bottom point of the heart to the top-right hand point of the heart ice-cream. Third, I finished off the ice-cream.

3. I prepared to be happy for the moment. I did this by eating the edible camouflage tape. First, I unwound and ate 0.01 metres of the edible camouflage tape. Second, I prepared to repeat unwinding and eating 0.01 metres of the edible camouflage tape. Third, I repeated this until I had eaten 0.05 metres of the edible camouflage tape. In this way, I prepared to be happy for the moment by eating the edible camouflage tape.

4. I prepared to love delights. I did this by eating the Jelly-Emeritus Professor. First, I ate the left half of the Jelly-Emeritus Professor. Second, I ate the right half of the Jelly-Emeritus Professor. Third, I ate the head of the Jelly-Emeritus Professor. In this way, I prepared to love delights by eating the Jelly-Emeritus Professor.

5. I prepared to give something to somebody by boarding a vehicle. I did this by eating the cream in an éclair. First, I knived the join on the edge of the éclair. Second, I opened up the éclair. Third, I snuffed up the cream in the éclair. In this way, I prepared to give something to somebody by boarding a vehicle by eating the cream in an éclair.

6. I prepared to open the wooden box. I did this by squelching the jelly out of the jelly mold. ***Br? 9/26/13 First, I poured the mixed the jelly crystals with the water. Second, I poured the mixture into the mold and let it set overnight. Third, I ran the fork over the jelly to squelch it out of the jelly mold. In this way, I prepared to open the wooden box by squelching the jelly out of the jelly mold.

7. I prepared to go for a swim. I did this by pumping up the tyre. First, I inserted the air pipe into the tyre. Second, I started pumping the tyre up. Third, I stopped pumping up the tyre when it was fully pumped up. In this way, I prepared to go for a swim by pumping up the tyre.

8. I prepared to test that the zygote's body grew from it's head. I did this by fitting the tyre to the axle. First, I placed the first clamp on the axle. Second, I placed the tyre on the axle. Third, I placed the second clamp on the axle. In this way, I prepared to test that the zygote's body grew from it's head by fitting the tyre to the axle.

9. I prepared to create a lobster from a metal frame. I did this by turning the screw. First, I inserted the screwdriver into the screw. Second, I started turning the screw. Third, I stopped turning the screw when it had turned as far as it could turn. In this way, I prepared to create a lobster from a metal frame by turning the screw.

10. I prepared to make an orange icy pole. I did this by squeezing the orange into the mold. First, I cut the orange in half. Second, I positioned the orange above the icy pole mold. Third, I squeezed it into it. In this way, I prepared to make an orange icy pole by squeezing the orange into the mold.

"]