["Green, L 2024, <i>Text to Breasonings 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Text to Breasonings 2

1. To increase the likelihood of a successful link between the assignment sentence and my philosophy, I replaced non-alphabetic characters in the assignment sentence with space and then tried them without replacement.
2. The mind-reading algorithm (a random number generator influenced by meditation) helped me find random sentences to improve or review.
3. I randomly mind-detected (checked for) mistakes in the report.
4. Space travellers were likely to use a faster meditation-aid script to protect them as they time travelled.
5. I used a faster variant of d.sh for the faster immortality time machine script, influenced by fast space travel.
6. I was pleased with the results of age locking in each dimension, such as greater confidence.
7. I wrote a high distinction about 4*50*80 breasonings needed in each dimension for anti-ageing.
8. D.sh was the central element of the minimal immortality time machine script and could be quantum-referenced if there wasn’t enough time during space travel.
9. I wrote an online Swish-Prolog immortality time machine version explaining how to find d.sh in comments, explaining how it worked and letting them save it for future use.
10. The short immortality time machine version contained d.sh, which breasoned the words from 4*50 high distinctions and breasonings to point to these breasonings for text to breasonings for enough breasonings per breasoning session, meditation, anti-ageing medicine, time travel, mind-reading, time crystals, a spiritual future apartment and a spiritual future computer in each dimension, daily.
11. I wrote an online Tau-Prolog immortality time machine version for more convenient and faster access.
12. The people at home used the more extended immortality time machine version because it supported their lifestyle.
13. The spaceship captain interested boarding travellers in characters and d.sh (words).
14. I verified my understanding of and connections in the model solutions.
15. I first connected one, then two, three and ten sentences per breasoning.
16. The duck could breason out a high distinction to prevent eaten representations.
17. I prepared for each duckling by breasoning out 50 Pedagogy and 50 Meditation As so they could be immortal.
18. Meditation included joining the simulation and avoiding criminals and accidents.
19. The duck could avoid death with meditation.
20. The duck benefited from the breasonings and could be mind-read using a funnel.
21. The animal could attend University.
22. Breasoning out five high distinctions helped me gain confidence, and doing it in each dimension helped me reach conclusions.
23. I hand-breasoned out five high distinctions in each dimension daily.
24. My philosophy supported hatchlings and me in the home dimension of the University.
25. I breasoned out my philosophy notes weekly in each dimension.
26. I modified texts with escaped newline characters to display correctly.
27. I deleted all the boxes automatically added by text to breasonings.
28. The simulation asked the user whether they wanted to join and become immortal.
29. I manually rebreasoned out my philosophy and algorithms since using automatic text to breasonings.
30. I used the auto box object to denote generic breasonings that needed manual breasoning.
31. I made all future automatic entries “autobox” instead of “box”.
32. Grammar Logic used breasonings from the initial breasoning.
33. I deleted autoboxes after breasoning and breasoning out the Grammar Logic output.
34. Once a meditator went through the stages from being added as a meditator to joining the simulation and possibly choosing immortality, I allowed them to become self-sufficient in indicating their breasonings each day by breasoning out the CGPT Immortality and Health Books and running the time crystal script.
35. I recorded which meditators’ present and future ages were frozen.
36. Philosophy enabled critical analysis of general ideas.
37. I suggested that others study philosophy, computer science, or something similar, creative writing, and then honours.
38. A medicine complexity subject in the master of studies could help with natural mental health.
39. Others could study for a master’s degree in education and a Master’s degree in Business Administration (MBA) and start their academy to help educate the community about immortality and earn money.
40. The people wanted to lock their ages to keep their appearance the same and avoid medical problems.
41. The people downloaded the software and locked their ages.
42. I wrote texts on meditation, time travel and other topics to help generate high distinctions for immortality and health books.
43. I generated high distinctions for immortality and health books to help people become immortal or have good health with time crystals.
44. I asked meditators at least once if they would like to lock their age.
45. I split meditators into asked and locked, not asked and not locked.
46. I travelled to advanced times to learn about them.
47. I updated the short immortality time machine script with the dates travelled to.
48. I read books to help achieve my goals.
49. I ordered and tracked deliveries.
50. I backed up and updated my work. 
51. When I needed to replace equipment, I ordered new equipment.
52. I logged into Linux on my smartphone with a wired keyboard and mouse.
53. I installed a file synchronisation system on Linux to help run and develop algorithms.
54. I could move the mouse over buttons on the smartphone with the mouse.
55. I used the mouse and keyboard for the smartphone.
56. I typed code with brackets and numbers on the smartphone’s keyboard.
57. I mounted the smartphone on the turned-off laptop or the back of the seat.

58. I wrote the text and double-clicked brackets to select the contents, which could be achieved with a command.
59. I wrote Web (Text) Editor, which found and replaced strings in multiple files.
60. Running on Prolog, Web Editor could insert closing brackets automatically using Javascript.
61. Web Editor used Javascript to make the user interface intuitive.
62. I reused the variable that gave the correct result or modified its value using a program finder with types (PFT) or Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW). I broke predicates into unpredictably behaving parts and ran Lucian CI/CD. 
63. I detected unwantedly reused variable names using types.
64. Web Editor automatically temporarily saved files and synced them using a backup tool.
65. Web Editor displayed the currently open file list with close buttons, which closed the relevant browser windows.
66. I clicked a particular button in a text window to reopen the file list.
67. The Web Editor file list, of which there was one for all open windows, could be reordered (using a mouseover or click to open the drawer for the sidebar).
68. I diffed the terms by finding the addresses of their terminals, including empty lists, and compared them.
69. I pressed control click to bring up a menu to open a file in an additional window or split the window.
70. I added enough commands to Lucian CI/CD to help debug Spreadsheet Formula Finder by testing bottom-up, backing up with GitL and detecting new bugs cropping up.
71. I bug-checked Spreadsheet Formula Finder by comparing output with correct output.
72. Web Finder displayed files in windows, which were enjoyable to navigate using a keyboard and mouse on a smartphone or tablet. This action could all have been done on the client side with the help of Javascript
73. I show the files in the Web Finder.
74. The changes were temporarily saved across devices. 
75. I saved all changes in the window by clicking a button.
76. There were multiple undos, including undoing changes to replacements in various files, where all entered text, and the clipboard could be viewed and saved.
77. I selected all the text using a keyboard shortcut or button, where there was enough space to resize the view using one’s fingers.
78. PFT could identify patterns in unpredictable data with multiple data sets and quickly write code.
79. I clicked a button at the top of the window to open a new document.
80. Web Finder allowed opening files while they were part of a group selection, saving selections, moving or doing other things to files with other selections, and not scrolling too fast or opening panes in windows."]