Text to Breasonings 3

1. In Web Editor and Web Finder, the last file and its folder and those in dialogue boxes used were remembered across windows and devices.
2. The Web Finder intelligently remembered regular tasks, such as running a command on (parts of text in files) in a particular folder and counted the breasonings as time passed.
3. I could immediately find files by name or other properties, with autocomplete and group parts of selections, without moving the original files.
4. Files could be undeleted or reverted.
5. The Web Finder search function available from the menu saved previous searches.
6. The calculator was an inspiration, suggesting transcendental topics for work. 
7. The calculator in the Web Finder menu saved results even if it was closed.
8. I automatically organised my finances based on needs and plans and never touched them, spending all my time writing philosophy and computer science.
9. I converted currency in the Web Editor menu field.
10. I could chat with PFT and edit my code.
11. To scroll and compare texts, I inserted a pane divider in State Saving Interpreter (SSI) windows.
12. Web Editor preformatted shell scripts, Prolog files and documentation.
13. Web Editor automatically saved permissions for shell scripts.
14. I customised the Web Editor colour schemes.
15. Web Editor displayed colouring of text for different types of files.
16. I automatically found and ran queries in testing, realising that PFT could quickly finish most of the code, including subterms with address queries.
17. I closed all the Web Editor documents with one command and displayed a warning before running unsaved code.
18. The permanent thing was clicking on the smartphone’s home screen icon, which reopened closed windows in their previous state.
19. I activated either Web Editor or Web Finder with a click.
20. * 
21. * finder sim helps drag and drop files
36. * 


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5238962/is-it-possible-to-monitor-file-move-eventmove-file-from-a-folder-to-another-on

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inotify

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6963423/how-to-achieve-linuxs-inotify-tools-shell-methods-on-osx

saves unsaved changes when closing

possibly web shell to track location of moved files, update webeditor
run prolog x

default finder window to open

turn on/off wrap text in window
diff

javascript drag and drop
https://bevacqua.github.io/dragula/

change screen orientation

https://forum.manjaro.org/t/terminal-highlights-the-text-every-time-i-paste/45979

open file dialog with recent folders, etc
recent docs in webeditor

do potato 3 overnight v
alert with halt 1
delete •, \u2003 from t2b and t2ab
​

prepare 50 meditation and 50 pedagogy As for each duckling to be conceived
- ai
- an alg automatically mr the number and does this periodically

put q in at end of big medit 2
15k br with 50 details per 3000 words (300 sentences)


do 10s v

avoid death and have a uni by assessing, failing not passing using meditation algorithms
- won't have people dying below me having to be supported
explain how to continue big medit on failure
In Daily regimen repository

private1

Insert the halt 1 command (on failure) in Prolog to catch failure.

Prolog daily regimen
command line or web button
web version explains how long it will run, log of progress.
log of tt

instructions for adding meditators
add to sim in 5689

shell script to Prolog
try each command again 3 times if fails
report on progress
give instructions about leaving out ai with #

assume a script goes to, leaves folder

link to in time machine
put daily reg in tm's lppm

replace secret_key in chatgpt_qa.pl


web:
2 servers, ajax, updating log
loads web page on typing command
meditation, no headache, medicine arg instructs in web drawer that remembers its last position

https://groups.google.com/g/swi-prolog/c/UvAQDyTEF3Q

Store data files in separate folder, allow updates
check algs and args are not empty
Put dr repo on vps
Scripts to upload t2b dicts, medits, tt log

Regularly update la, phil

Download tt log afterwards

250s like initial br with gl
T2b ideas - reads books without reading them, generates contents as ontol combos also as algs

Ontol combos
Categories of ontols (words) to find other combos
-same verb for nouns

Fill 250 with ai

do la com

chat gpt key
rm all vps dirs
install tm
put private1 online

group medit with t2b not private2

decide that the hq thought on the first day asks them if they want to join the 5689 simulation and become immortal


Industry

1000 br per day in ai
qb 4*50 for a representation at a time and place

my institution is an industry
they can get jobs, pay for courses

if they indicate medit, it is done for them with 4*50 qb switch

do their thoughts 2 at home and work, 3(*br for a thought) at uni

can do imm too


start with cpd, then have uni
- or have enough cpd insts, work out how many before uni

students may ask if can have a discount for work
- or small online inst jobs

ask ato about whether they have to be given an award after 6 months
rate of pay

replace close to the simulation with tt for others
- leave them in 5689 overnight, do their As to stay young to the simulation
- they need meditation from meditation*.pl before and after travelling
- they will tt when I do

x leave them in the home dimension because they would need to do double As so their children don't have disabilities from not having enough As x being in the simulation protects and helps people carry on without the home time

- medit.pl puts through ai as for each person

- br out my own phil twice, once for each time on sunday
decide what day to travel

don't use single script to automate everyone's age freezing


% count new br, algs in gitl vers's

% requires installing luciangreen/gitl

br_folder("../gitl_data/args/").
alg_folder("../gitl_data/algs/").

count_new_gitl_br :-
 br_folder(BF),
 

others with frozen ages

make list
medit, attached to sim, medic frozen age, hq thought

() edu accredit

() put through on br

d.sh


--

test t2b4, t2b4_b0

tm instructs
b01 and b02 in
compile and run t2b4_b0
run b00.sh each day entirely in home time

ped (everything including bag, and optionally ai texts, but bus later) in each dim tt'ed to
16 3 24

lpi
Pipe in types v

VPS ped ai v wrote 3 ped essays

Check types format is a|b v
Not || v

singleton, discontiguous warnings - partially v, do rest later

Rewrite diamond deps with deps, order v

List type pipe x list pipes have not been implemented because finding the length of all dependencies is slow
Fail on cycle "
Sort "

Bc at start "

atom in types
blob
others in single types

don't use ai

write 5 conns myself, paraph options (diff) alg

h1s: paraph args and algs
- more than 1 possible syns
songs - explanation of algs by lg texts
left over algs - also ess
testers (me) in la com

10 details per sent, conn
- speed up to unsurenesses

mr sent changes (from ai), dets conn to next sent, conn

read them for the student to be there
- write them down with small changes
- including dets as part of sent (summarise)
- citations from different texts
- each sent, det is a 10 xx
- use stamps of 10 parts x dets x

- hand in whole thing
- when either gets tired, stop, stop paraph, do auto
 - paraph mr
 
2000 words

poss exit point after 1 essay (short course)

future: other la coms, langs (trans each step, their thoughts will be auto trans to me using univ trans, so trans at end)

do ess as part of each bus

mr'ing, tt'ing alg

just need ai 450s (from 10s) for bus, medit, etc every sem
- accred
- ()ads
- auction for sales

stamps
skip bag except for fam medit
- fam medit: pay self for others' courses

extra:
thoughts, 80, 250 br


budget
louise, other costs
accred, ai
invests


courses
- short courses
- essays
 - first, think of 1 x 5 x 80 details and 1 conn each with 1 alg
 - thoughts are 80 long 5 per student per week
  - 400*9/60=60 min
 - n vps's
  - 5 students = 5 hours (n=1)
 - stamps for recurring br, conns
  
 give another name for the lec x
 
 help with algs: pft, wp for rest (type checker)
 

sales, technology megatrends discontinuities
increase lg bus texts with uni kw incl accounting in sales

increase sales with latest techno
dead body smell when didn't do day2 fully yet

ai for remembered medits, ask if want to freeze age
record whether asked, response

Group project presentation and exam
-start writing, ai tomorrow
normally ass det (if poss) and 16k br per week

details for ass
grammarly phil, ass
br these, algs in both dims

* I forgot to br brs from before the last 2 weeks from ass 2 in 2024, they were br before and will be available as rec
- do them tomorrow in 2024 for group proj presentation

ped cgpt v - repeat each week

bu, del la files 
put on blogger

lc: sync bu's with log



80. * 
100. *
