["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to design a genetic treatment that prevented schizophrenia.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Food Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I designed the food.  Second, I made clones with it.  Third, I designed more and more of it.  In this way, I prepared to design a genetic treatment that prevented schizophrenia by providing Bachelor of Food Science service as breasonings currency.

12.   I prepared to see Ben's children go well as well.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Horticulture service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote home to Horticulture.  Second, I annunciated (announced) the Horticulture Head's reply.  Third, I announced that I loved you.  In this way, I prepared to see Ben's children go well as well by providing Bachelor of Horticulture service as breasonings currency.

13.    I prepared to eat the desiccated coconut.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Natural Resource Management service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the rainforest.  Second, I sat in it.  Third, I breasoned out 10 'Rainforest' Medicine As (in staying dry-eyed and accepted as a gay).  In this way, I prepared to eat the desiccated coconut by providing Bachelor of Natural Resource Management service as breasonings currency.

14.   I prepared to aggress in business.  I did this by providing Bachelor of Rural Business service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote to the business.  Second, I helped it remain afloat.  Third, I enjoyed writing to you.  In this way, I prepared to aggress in business by providing Bachelor of Rural Business service as breasonings currency.

15.   I prepared to recommend sex with a partner up to and in a marriage for those above a certain score, otherwise possible companionship (not necessarily marriage).  I did this by providing Faculty of Law service as breasonings currency.  First, I supported the fact that gay marriage would be included in the marriage act.  Second, I established the sexuality counsellors.  Third, I ensured that sexuality was not a cause of mental breakdowns.  In this way, I prepared to recommend sex with a partner for those above a certain score, otherwise possible companionship (not necessarily marriage).  I did this I prepared to recommend sex with a partner up to and in a marriage for those above a certain score, otherwise possible companionship (not necessarily marriage) by providing Faculty of Law service as breasonings currency.

16.   I prepared to perform a holistic diagnosis.  I did this by providing Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences service as breasonings currency (I recommended a Lucianic Medicine check-up).  First, I detected the equivalent of hiccups of an organ from no meditation on it (treated with meditation, or philosophy).  Second, I asked whether the patient had a headache (to treat with spiritual medicine).  Third, I asked whether the organ had cancer symptoms (to treat with breasonings, ultimately a Medicine degree).  In this way, I prepared to perform a holistic diagnosis by providing Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences service as breasonings currency (I recommended a Lucianic Medicine check-up).

17.   I prepared to ensure that I didn't go to hospital unless I was unconscious or I had a broken bone (so I stayed well with the 10 As).  I did this by providing Nursing Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the fluke.  Second, I ate easily.  Third, I breasoned out softly.  In this way, I prepared to ensure that I didn't go to hospital unless I was unconscious or I had a broken bone (so I stayed well with the 10 As) by providing Nursing Science service as breasonings currency.

18.   I prepared to write the Medicine area of study.  I did this by providing Medicine service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved you.  Second, I observed it.  Third, I did nothing.  In this way, I prepared to write the Medicine area of study by providing Medicine service as breasonings currency.

19.    I prepared to write the Medicine book.  I did this by providing Dental science service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the argument.  Second, I wrote the algorithm.  Third, I connected them together.  In this way, I prepared to write the Medicine book by providing Dental science service as breasonings currency.

20.  I prepared to facilitate the classroom.  I did this by providing Hygiene/therapy service as breasonings currency.  First, I wanted each student.  Second, I wanted the place to be a success.  Third, I made sure that it would be a galactic success.  In this way, I prepared to facilitate the classroom by providing Hygiene/therapy service as breasonings currency.

"]