["Green, L 2023, <i>Education of Meditation 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Education of Meditation 1

1. The meditator drew a diagram of their idea. Then, given high-resolution ideas, the students generated more high-resolution ideas. Finally, the writer wrote the idea. The student agreed with the idea. Then, they applied perspectives and made new connections by reordering the words in the concept.
2. The meditator developed a specific solution in a group. The teacher customised the utterance details for the meditator. The meditator said what they were saying to be thought of. The teacher replied. The student recorded this discourse.
3. The meditator identified the key terms in the sentence, used important and straightforward language and was developed (commented on) and sustained their lines of argument. I found the use from other uses over the hours. The student wrote the philosophical interpretation of the sentence. They wrote an idea with an algorithmic side. They used an algorithm to rejoin groups of these ideas.
4. The meditator had enough confidence to write algorithms after writing enough algorithmic philosophies, which were original combinations of their other ideas. I asked for a high-quality image. The student wrote their own algorithms for ideas to claim their ideas. The ideas were original. The algorithms were alternative (original) for them.
5. The meditator mind mapped the kinds of algorithms they could write (interpreters, grammar parsers and big ideas), thought of viable algorithms, and found out algorithms from pop music. There were 50 breasonings per second and sutra. The kind pedagogue mind read the student's notes and mind read their thoughts, helping develop their algorithms (like a plant). I needed a new algorithm that generated all the details (examples) of the argument. In addition, I supplied the threshold of 4*50 As for achievement.
6. The meditator identified key terms in ideas and converted them into \"skill\" techniques, then algorithms. I learned and taught meditation and pranayama to small classes. To examine it, I exchanged words with the same part of speech in the argument. Next, the student examined types of algorithms, their commands, and techniques. They noticed that writing these techniques (such as \"recursion\") gave neat mathematical appearances and more easily led to converting them into code.
7. The meditator started with Prolog, analysing machines for years. I gave feedback on the philosophy of meditation. I found that if the student did all the work, such as writing helper algorithms, it would better equip them for problem-solving. They could draw skill diagrams first. For example, \"sort\" finds the \"maximum\" value in the list using \"recursion\", \"adds\" it to a list and \"recursively\" does this with the rest of the items.
8. The meditator took the initiative by critically working out the result of each algorithm step and having confidence in overcoming errors. The body simulation was the way I felt after meditation. I used the Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) results to find small top-down algorithms and then joined the compatible ones. First, I found out and took the initiative over the sort algorithm. Then, I did it myself because I couldn't understand the thinking behind some algorithms.
9. Writing 50 As gave the meditator the confidence to write algorithms. I mind read and synthesised breasonings. I wrote 50 As about Computational English. These sentences were more about properties or data structures to solve a problem. I had written algorithmic arguments with spiritual help before and algorithms occasionally.
10. The meditator interpreted the sentence as an ontological algorithm. I agreed with and structured the reasons thought of in meditation, utterance for utterance. I wrote down thoughts after waking up in the middle of my dream. I wrote down the thoughts from the utterances, adding to them with successive utterances. I wrote As in my MBA. I wrote more As, covering education and industry.
11. The meditator practised meditation to prevent stress. The student went into business to avoid stress. Students did not have as much stress as teachers. The company did not have as much stress as education. Completing an MBA in one's own time saved time and produced more wholesome results.
12. The meditator wrote algorithms that gave him what he needed when he didn't want it, thought ideas and meditation gifts for students. I accounted for details in writing and programming. The details contained no programming ideas. They inspired programming ideas. Details helped examine the work, finding positive pathways and moving more quickly.
13. The meditator excelled in the institution and industry. My teacher and I meditated together. I used enough utterances to contain my teacher's thoughts. I came to my thoughts. I compared them with my teacher's words.
14. The meditator could achieve immortality with breasonings. I read the most critical literature about what to point the quantum box at. The mortal breasoned out breasonings for high distinctions, time travel and preventing headaches. In addition, the mortal could mind-read and time travel. Finally, the mortal could access certain technologies in the future.
15. The meditator could have non-invasive operations for copywriting. I cautiously researched what future operations I could have with copywriting in immortality. The immortal removed the knee discomfort. The immortal removed an infection. In addition, he removed the rasp in his voice.
16. The meditator compiled in C for speed. First, I processed strings, not character codes, with grammars, then converted them to bitcodes for C. Next, I converted the file to string codes and a list of characters. First, I wrote the grammar to process the characters. Then I converted the grammar to process character codes as binary numbers.

17. The meditator explained what lists were in terms of. I explained the utterances in terms of breasonings. I expanded the bits outputted by the algorithm to strings. I had listed the strings corresponding to the bits and bytes. I avoided confusing terms. I wrote the strings to output.
18. The meditator jumped to the place in the code where the change possibly was to check if Lucian CI/CD had kept it and whether the tests were adequate, and I wanted the result. In other words, the self meditated on the other, the image of themselves in their mind. I wrote the lesson explaining Lucian CI/CD, an algorithm testing tool. They self-tested the other's algorithm. In the class, I explained the input to the algorithm, the repository algorithm, the tests and the information about the modification date of the files and the content of the previous files. I explained the output of the algorithm, the finished repository algorithm, and the diff HTML file describing the changes chosen.
19. The meditator explained the meditation technique to the class and later took group meditation. I explained making changes to files in Lucian CI/CD. The class listened to the lecture. They made notes before class about modifying the code by trying to write it themselves. The assignment was an essay about the algorithm.
20. The meditator added corrections to the code. They kept a weblog about their thoughts. I explained making additions to code in Lucian CI/CD. I read the entry. I wrote, for example, foldr string_concat, string_codes or string_strings between the lines.
21. The meditator described God in literature. I explained making deletions to files in Lucian CI/CD. I read the file. I deleted extraneous, incorrect, buggy code or needlessly included data or comments. If the deletions were to data files or comments, I manually added them because they weren't detectable with tests.
22. The meditator used Lucian CI/CD with short, tricky algorithms. I entered the meditation class and brought back knowledge of other religions and academic departments. I edited Prolog source files in Lucian CI/CD. Prolog was easy to visualise algorithms and generate different algorithms in and could work on problems in other programming languages. Lucian CI/CD broke Prolog into lines and pretty printed the finished repository.
23. The meditator kept enough breasonings from meditation. I edited C files in Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD broke non-Prolog files into lines, following the line breaks in the file. It then found combinations of groups of adjacent lines that formed additions, deletions or changes in the C code. From a combination of these, Lucian CI/CD built repositories connected with modified files and tested them, keeping the most specific combination that passed all tests.
24. The meditator set the algorithmic exercise for the meditation students. I edited the text file in Lucian CI/CD. Like the comments, Lucian CI/CD couldn't test text files directly, so their changes need to be confirmed manually. Sometimes text files contained data the algorithm relied on, so tests could keep them. The user could make seven changes at a time, so the user needs to test subsets of algorithms and their data simultaneously.
25. The meditator aimed to perform meditation each day. I wrote the test in Lucian CI/CD. I placed the test in the main file to counter problems with the predicates necessary for the test loading. This file would load, and the test would try the predicates at the same level or lower. In addition, the user could test other repositories in the same Lucian CI/CD session, but files loaded at a different time.
26. The meditator edited the predicate if it returned the wrong result or edited the test if it was wrong. I detailed the utterance with breasonings. I wrote the Prolog test of the predicate without variables in the head, for example, \"there_is_fresh_food.\" This predicate had either a true or false result. Lucian CI/CD could test it with the query or its negation. This result needed to coincide with the result of the fact or variable-less predicate in the algorithm.
27. The meditator formed a group of meditators, the standard for strength in the country. I entered the input-only test in Lucian CI/CD. This test was different from a test with multiple inputs and one output. If it is a verification of data passed, the test passed, and vice versa. The user needed to update tests or code with bug fixes, features and API changes made to algorithms.
28. The meditator checked that two values were safe. The simulation protected them from accidents, and they took a vitamin drink for energy to work. I wrote the multiple-output test. This test had multiple values tested for. Meditation provided help at the start to become immortal and invincible.
29. The meditator covered the events to check them. I recommended meditation to the pedagogue. I undid the changes made by Lucian CI/CD. If, after inspecting that the finished files were missing needed code or the tests had produced unwanted results, I undid the changes. The undo command swapped the old code back into the repository. This command also required the modification dates and previous files to reset.
30. The meditator made the necessary changes and kept them. The teacher gave the meditator enough breasonings per utterance. I reset or observed the changes by Lucian CI/CD. The reset command differed from the undo command; it updated the modification dates of these files to keep them. This command kept text file changes or comments unadjacent to the change code.
31. The meditator kept the safe version. The meditation student repeated the utterances with their teacher. I used the backup of the files. Lucian CI/CD backed these files up when the user used it. I restored the backup if I dropped a feature or wanted to retrieve an earlier state.
32. The meditator tried changing one repository, with up to seven changes at a time. The meditator synthesised their knowledge in a hierarchy and cited sources. I backed up the record of the old modification dates of the files. I reset the modification dates or modified a file to trigger testing that file—the main files containing tests needed to be changed to test a repository.

33. The meditator could bring back Lucian CI/CD backups from a particular time. I facilitated critical analysis in the mantra and sutra subjects. I archived the Lucian CI/CD backups. I went back to the backed up files, tests, dates or logs. In SSI, I switched types, internationalisation, or other commands on or off in the interpreter.
34. The meditator labelled and checked code, for example variable lists were labelled. I attributed breasonings to utterances. Enough was set up at the institution. I operated on individual files, tests and dates in Lucian CI/CD, for example, I corrected the code. I replaced predicate and variable names with shorter names, bytecode, bitcode or numbers.
35. The meditator read the report about the day's thoughts. The royal had an A per day for meditation. I checked that the diff changes in the HTML file had the correct results. The predicates were purely separated, to eliminate if-then statements. The code was the simplest possible for the job, even if other code was similar.
36. The meditator was surprised that the downloader thought the sim card was called the simulation (it was separate, the sim card was not needed), that text to breasonings was hard to use because it breasoned out breasonings too quickly (it could give breasonings to a seen-as object that we can see), the head ache medicine for text to breasonings took too long (it only takes seconds) and the education training for text to breasonings was difficult (all it takes is enrolling in and finishing a free education MOOC online). The meditation course led to higher open-source longevity software downloads. If a change to a file by Lucian CI/CD was unwanted, I removed a test. Or, I reverted to the correct test. Then I changed the files back to their original state and reran Lucian CI/CD to keep the part of the file the same.
37. The meditator did the algorithm lines using the BAG algorithm, changed with key terms. I featured continental, or computational philosophy in my course. If the lack of a change by Lucian CI/CD was unwanted, I wrote the test. Or, I modified the test to cause a change. Where mind answered questions answered questions, I wrote algorithm commands and connections until the idea was finished.
38. The meditator used all their computing power to finish the work. I wrote 4*50 As for the sentence in meditation using BAG. If a change made by Lucian CI/CD was different from that expected, I changed the test. For example, if a program let A=1+1=2 and the test stated that the answer was supposed to be 3, then I changed the test or the code.
39. The meditator mind read the student to find out what they thought about the essay topic. I set the meditation essay, followed by discussion about it with the class. I mind read the bot, giving and comparing with As. I compared the output with the expected output, making improvements if they were suggested. I reached 100% accuracy,
40. The immortal could control the content of their immortality. I created movies and software from meditations, which I automatically uploaded and clicked on. I wrote three levels of details by mind reading the bot. After mind reading one level, I asked them what they thought of the previous level. The true heaven was self-based education.
41. The immortal took care of thoughts at all times, in the right ways. Breasonings are the lines and aphors are the algorithms. I invested in the information technology and accreditation of the company. The information technology processed the algorithms. The accreditation fostered the philosophy assignments, which the company also took care of.
42. The immortal checked the jobs, progress and opened or closed mind reading. I uttered 108 utterances of the type twice per day, giving breasonings over the hours. I determined the computer science assignment. I simulated the student on computer, with their own databases of knowledge, to write algorithms and arguments. These databases contained predicates, formed from their understanding of lectures, to help them write algorithms.  These algorithms included an algorithm explainer algorithm (using labels in the data and fields containing the method, improvements, a simple formula and other improvements) and possibly algorithm writers.
43. The immortal could move on in life. I prepared for meetings before they happened. I bought copywriting for sales. Instead, I wrote political 4*50 As on computer. I found out the thought, and commented on it, developing my response.
44. The immortal programmed Prolog websites, with good user interfaces. The teacher promoted world peace with the anti-ageing algorithm. I did other academic departments up with business. There was a full degree in world peace, based on the medicine departments (pedagogy, medicine, meditation, time travel and mind reading). I investigated ways of earning money with meditation.
45. The immortal imagined the size of the class. Breasonings were necessary in the right quantity. I bought a third societal Virtual Private Server (VPS). Unlike the second VPS, which was for sales, the third was for academic comments. They were upgraded to mind read short, relevant excerpts at the start.
46. The immortal finished the academic leader's work. The academic leader gave the same number of breasonings and algorithms that the student thought of back to them, awarding them this grade. The student helped other students, increasing their academic acumen. Everyone did their work. It was a uni-institution.
47. The immortal realised cultural references may change with time. The immortal set up new institution languages. The third VPS helped with parts of life with meditation. The other-language speaker enrolled in the course. They enjoyed academia, and recorded their thoughts.
48. The immortal stored their journal in a beautiful book. The leaf had different coloured strips, reminding me of a record with time. The bots, or people were paying students. They recorded their enrolment history. They recorded their knowledge changes with time and their grades.

49. The meditator accompanied As with extensions of As. I wrote six sets of 4*50s in business, including company, product and employee. The first three were sales, human resources and business. The first employee I prepared for was me. The first product I prepared for was meditation.
50. The meditator stated ten items per branching point in the philosophy. I breasoned out the daily philosophy from the neuronetwork. It simulated primary school. It was creative. I said more exciting thoughts, which were what it was gauged by.
51. The meditator could control choice points and memory. State Saving Interpreter (SSI) had various optimisations. If-then cuts non-links to other predicates and choice points outside findall. If-then favoured and didn’t cut search algorithms. I traced intermediate predicates with a query.
52. The meditator also cleaned out old data from memory. I termed referring to standard terms with single symbols garbage collection. Garbage collection saved stack memory. The most straightforward algorithm replaced repeating term values with symbols stored as globals. These values were cleaned when not used.
53. The meditator converted the cutless code to C. The cut command cuts the numbers of further predicates. Each clause of a predicate had a number. Calls to additional clauses of the predicate containing cut were deleted on the cut. I transformed possible clause calls into choice points.
54. The meditator cleared away unused parts of the algorithm. I made clause numbers choice points. When a predicate was called, the interpreter added clause number choice points to the stack. In C, only a single function was called. The “clean as you go” interpreter only stored current and necessary data.
55. The meditator explored choice points inside not, where C would need another construction. I stated that exiting the “not” command deleted choice points. On “not”, any choice points inside the not statement were deleted. I simulated this with a cut. In C, there were no choice points.
56. The meditator developed further-editing-needed-closed automated coding tools. I made the Vetusia engine for the web by running C with variables saved. I ran C online using CGI (Common Gateway Interface). C was native to all computers and operating systems and was the fastest language. I favoured a text interface with the advantages of desktop editing, such as fast scrolling, find, and easy bulk-copy and paste.
57. The meditator could access the Text to Breasonings dictionary and the paraphrasing thesaurus anywhere in the world from their computer. Vetusia Engine could run other web apps in C. It was faster for searching, processing and neural networks. In user-friendly terms, the primary use of Lucian CI/CD was to test the overall output of repositories, checking one change hadn’t wrecked the result in another repository. I predicted substantial time savings when running Text to Breasonings, paraphrasing and the GL detailer in C.
58. The meditator linked from the log to each HTML file showing the changes. In the Lucian CI/CD weblog of activity, I listed a summary of differences in HTML form and a link to this HTML file in the log. The changes to each set of predicates tested were highlighted. Users could refer to it to check which changes were kept. There was a separate file for each set of predicates.
59. The meditator wrote their text and breasoned out other texts for understanding. The Lucian CI/CD log had a Table of Contents with file names at the start. I checked whether my changes had been accepted or rejected. If the test had failed overall, I copied and operated on the current state of the repositories in the test folder. I then copied the correct code of the changed predicate(s) to the main folder and reran the tests.
60. The meditator quickly accessed the relevant line number in the algorithm. I included line numbers in the Lucian CI/CD differences HTML files. Alternatively, I continued to label the file names. I used a container to eliminate cross-predicate contamination and for speed. I ensured Lucian CI/CD results were in the correct order by finding the differences.
61. The meditator stated that the Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) could write new lines of code in Lucian CI/CD. I added the insert and delete changes to the possible changes to ensure Lucian CI/CD results were ordered correctly. All the results, including numbered predicates and the changed predicates, were saved to the repository. The Lucian CI/CD algorithm assumed that changed predicates would be entered in the correct order and only found combinations of changes to predicates in this order. A CAW plug-in to Lucian CI/CD could experiment with reordering predicates and lines.
62. The meditator pretty-printed Prolog and List Prolog in the Lucian CI/CD log. If a file’s contents were not recognised as Prolog or List Prolog code in Lucian CI/CD, I removed the comments wrapping its lines. I could pretty-print data files. I could read text files without distraction. Also, I could format List Prolog as Prolog and vice-versa.
63. The meditator archived old documents and recommended storing them after a time. I printed how long the Lucian CI/CD log was at the start. I kept it short. I kept to text and descriptive labels. I included a brief synopsis summarising the changes.
64. The meditator included live CI/CD testing and CAW-autocomplete as a plug-in. I included a table of contents at the start of diff files. I wrote a Prolog web server algorithm that displayed recent logs and diff files. I included whether tests passed or failed. I could include whether repositories had been uploaded and additional information, such as version number.

65. The meditator used unipotent data structure navigators, which could convert code between data structures. Instead of using random texts in the Breasoning Algorithm Writer (BAG) to connect multiple parts of sentences, I started from the start. I found the best parts of different texts to join together. I wrote algorithms with functional calls to join any parts of them together. I described these algorithms in arguments.
66. The meditator examined all new angles in the seen-as version. I tested where the last line (for example, after the 6000th line) of BAG was. It was at least halfway through the philosophy. There was enough philosophy to cover BAG. I felt confident using BAG with this much algorithmic and argumentary (sic) text.
67. The meditator finished the task using all available resources. I wrote 5% more texts than needed. If I needed 10,000 sentences, I wrote 10,500 sentences. This surplus helped cover the requirements of BAG. I chose 6000 sentences in BAG because this covered most of the philosophy.
68. The meditator found the corrupted part of the dictionary and notified the user. I repaired the Text to Breasonings and Text to Algorithmic Breasonings dictionaries. I vetted them for illegal characters, only accepting legal characters. I found missing commas or dictionary delimiters and repaired them. I deleted illegal characters.
69. The meditator automatically fixed the corrupted dictionary. I removed non-alphabetic characters from the Text to Breasonings dictionary. I only outputted alpha characters in words. I only accepted alpha characters in the input. I scanned and deleted non-alphabetic characters in the dictionary.
70. The meditator detailed intricate objects. I breasoned out the BAG output. The mind-read content approximated what I wanted to state. In breasoning it out, I conveyed understanding it spiritually. I captured fascinating details of computational designs with it.
71. The meditator applied file processing, the art of generativity and demanded algorithms to algorithms. I wrote algorithms for each word in the BAG output with the help of Text to Algorithm Breasonings. This algorithm contributed to understanding the machinations of the text. The emergent understanding was of possible new algorithms. Given the feeling of a sturdy foundation, I had the confidence to write new algorithms.
72. The meditator explored their mind. I covered BAG as part of my daily regimen. I minimised the necessary parts and maximised the creative and experiential parts: the custodians and I needed to embrace BAG, meditation and breasonings. I wrote innovative tracts in keeping with positive function.
73. The meditator ensured that the most recent texts were always included. BAG processed the most recent algorithms and arguments first. It didn’t have duplicates of them. The texts’ modification dates were scanned, and ones within a week were used first. Other texts, up to a limit, were added afterwards.
74. The meditator emphasised BAG for a clean-smelling body in immortality. I stated that BAG was multithreaded. Watching it run gave me the feeling of watching a waterfall because of its speed. I could finish one task and move on to the next. When the bulk of the work had ended and it had finished, I could propel the day forwards.
75. The meditator wrote the two-line version as an exercise. I wrote multithreaded Text to Breasonings. This algorithm was necessary for BAG to ensure no lags while it completed its task. I checked which systems were compatible with multithreading. I changed from maplist to concurrent maplist.
76. The meditator simplified concurrent to work with the maplist command. I wrote multithreaded Text to Algorithm Breasonings. Concurrent Text to Breasonings and Concurrent Text to Algorithm Breasonings both had installers for different numbers of CPUs. To ensure multithreading worked, I tested whether only the top-level predicate needed duplicating. This state was true (multithreading couldn’t run two instances of the same predicate simultaneously).
77. The meditator stated that the mind-reading algorithm recorded the highlights. I test-ran BAG on the Virtual Private Server (VPS) for 24 hours. I ran it in the background after I signalled it could start. I didn’t need to worry about losing my connection. It went until it had finished or until the end of the day, sometimes just for highlights.
78. The meditator stated that single versions of repositories could be used when stable. I uploaded non-critical repositories each day for BAG to scan. If the repositories were critical and needed to run stable versions, I kept them separate. I kept stable and BAG variants. I could use Lucian CI/CD to scan for stability.
79. The meditator had secretly covered the ideas but wanted to explore them themselves. I emailed BAG’s breasoning count to myself at 9 AM. There was a running graph. I read the mind-reading highlights, including me having conversations, and prompted more exciting possibilities. I read my progress history and programmed the computer to project questions about unknown ideas at me.
80. The meditator worked on small fronts of the philosophy. I could restart the BAG algorithm by sending an instruction using a form. Within minutes, I had amassed much data about my thoughts. I always made sure that I was thinking of something new. I agreed with the mathematical finding that an idea triggered endless new ideas to no end.
"]