["Green, L 2024, <i>Business Man Lucian Green</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Business Man Lucian Green, Deploying the Lucian bot, Academic Specialisations and Non-Transgression of Science from Time Travel

1. The businessman taught meditation. Flip risks into successes. Given the BAG output, I wrote it in a more straightforward form. If only one CPU existed, I switched off multithreading in T2B, T2AB and BAG. I timed the computation to calculate how long it took with a particular input.
2. The businessman helped develop the living. Transcend the cage of the inner critic, and be an actor in any department, particularly in business, who is seen as professional and can do anything necessary. There was a spare computer in case a computer went down. I devised the algorithm to develop continuous, high-quality thoughts. I also took a break, importantly, giving my brain rest.
3. The businessman smoothed the entry to use the product. Without an A for the business person, you can't be a brand, but with it, you can be the subject of journalism and marketing, which is necessary for business. I noticed subjectivity had its objectivity or setting. I added a voice or email notification when a machine had completed its computation. Also, if there was a problem, I received a notification.
4. The businessman gave the language in the text As. In particular, the business person's argument makes money by being trusted with it and does business with other business people, his star-studded business partners. I negotiated more business in philosophy, music and computer science over time than in a short time. I uploaded the necessary files to support the students to the Virtual Private Server (VPS). The students needed to be supported at the time they were working.
5. The businessman helped the meditator. Having fifty arguments for a business person is theatre studies. The actor prepared the speech from the philosophy. The worker developed the algorithm. I wrote an algorithm to run in the background according to a schedule.
6. The businessman charged subscribers of the algorithm. If you make deals with famous partners, you will be notable about them, and they will be noted about you, making more money. I advertised to the people. The algorithm to freeze people's age can be resold. Individuals can buy and run the algorithm daily to freeze their age.
7. The businessman helped the person on all fronts to be immortal. Sometimes, only famousness is cut and differentiates between an enticing business partner or not. I cut the number of breasonings produced by the BAG algorithm to the end of the day. I used mind reading to detect when I meditated and ran the BAG algorithm until the end of the day. Only the people of the time could be protected because there were so many to do.
8. The businessman only ran BAG for paying meditators. Becoming business royalty means you can do business with royals. One should note that royals are influential, and you can also exert your considered and wise influence. In addition, royals have more resources and would like better ways of enjoying life, such as pedagogy and help. I meditated in the morning and started BAG.
9. The businessman downloaded new content every day. Fifty arguments for a business person can be used in politics 50 As (because politics includes business). I automatically downloaded new arguments and algorithms from the server. I breasoned out texts as I went. I hand-entered new breasonings individually later.
10. The businessman helped the local people. Politics of organisations, through the business person 50 As, allows doing a \"blue square\" for the politics of an organisation, where politics keeps track of the internal politics of an organisation. I breasoned out five people * 4*50 As (*80 breasonings) *2*(for home and future locations) * (1 teleportation + 1 anti-ageing medicine + 1 meditation + from 0-15 high-quality thoughts) *5 for people around them = 3200000 breasonings with one high-quality thought, taking up to 6.7 hours. I used the old computer to help, but it had a limit. The rest of the time was spent working and helping students.
11. The businessman met the professional requirements for the academy. Politics of organisation through business person 50 As enables more money through a better understanding of an organisation. I worked out possible answers in my academy. Each answer had 4*50 As. There were two or three answers per assignment.
12. The businessman had details for their character. I converted myself to a business person with my business person A. I wrote 4*50 details for each answer. I wrote 50 paragraphs of details with the mind-reading algorithm. I used detailed mind reading, mind reading and random numbers to replace certain words in the philosophy with similar words.
13. The businessman represented the clothes well. I wore business clothes. The self emailed the self from the machine if the algorithm detected breasonings and algorithms not yet breasoned out with T2B and T2BA. The scanner found words in files that hadn't been breasoned out. In response, the person breasoned them out.
14. The businessman on-sold the algorithm. I conducted myself professionally. I used ten four-CPU VPSs to generate thoughts. Instead, I counted the available CPUs. If these were not enough, I ran the algorithm with different users.
15. The businessman had a natural expectation for growth. Writing the business, person A was business. I counted the breasonings that the algorithm produced. I checked that it counted them correctly. I deleted extra newlines.
16. The businessman attributed different settings to different algorithms. Writing the business person A encouraged others to pay me (I reinvented myself and could sell the images). I truncated the file to generate BAG breasonings, preserving formatting. Also, BAG preserved formatting, generating unique and punctuated algorithms and arguments. The BAG output conjured up imagery and possible directions for research.
17. The businessman played a professor. I could be a business actor in a video. The professor wrote ten high-quality BAG thoughts. Professors need to help students with ten details. When the professional requirements had been met, the noumenon was activated.
18. The businessman wrote a diary about time travel. My voice could be in a business product. I removed the BAG recipients from time travel in the daily regimen. When their breasonings were finished, they time travelled manually. Their guests also completed time travel.
19. The businessman wrote his thoughts and decided what their constitution was. My thoughts could be part of a business product. The community leader breasoned out fifteen high-quality thoughts. They were given additional thoughts for each thought. Also, they were given the thoughts once per day.
20. The businessman thought of the answers, then the thoughts. My writing could be on a business product. I mind-read fifteen possible similar replacement words from the dictionary for students' databases. These databases were arguments or algorithms. The students' thoughts were about the answers.

Deploying the Lucian bot

21. The bot died, but I came back to life. Instead of dying, I chose to live. I started a business. I planned gradual improvements to my business. My simulated chief of staff helped with student questions and other company aims.
22. One idea inspired more than one new idea. I solved dying. I travelled to the future and took care of all that. My body didn't age, allowing me to work on my projects continually in my prime. My writing generated more and more writing.
23. The volunteers learned meditation and taught meditation to become immortal. The bot exhibited perfect function, but I travelled and set up businesses myself. I obtained a Master of Business Administration. I started to talk about my business. I travelled and established accredited LM centres.
24. I got to know the people needed for all positions. The bot could attend meetings. I scheduled the appointment. I attended it in person or by phone. I, not me looking like someone looking like me, participated in the events.
25. The business model helped meditators write algorithm helpers to help themselves, but it was better to be an employee. I could become the bot when I needed to. I set up hours prayers and prayed for Kundalini. Everyone got on with work, and the ideas appeared anyway. I assessed meditators on breasonings and algorithms.
26. The meditator had regular medication and professional development as a child and adult. I helped the bot apply for necessary papers for international meetings so neither of us would break any laws. I researched appropriate countries and cities politically and environmentally. I studied how the meditation technique could help each type of business strategically. The parents aimed to include meditation and many departments in children before conception.
27. The robots had different experiences, and their minds automatically forgot unimportant memories. I turned off the bot before and after being used. It was a toy robot. I could manufacture and program it to move around the classroom and see how students were doing. It should talk about the experiences and stories it had when it assembled at each location.
28. I forgot the bot's forgetfulness and got used to him hitting the ground running while satisfying his new wishes to experience new careers with a holodeck. I did all the bot's thoughts at each point. I noticed the bot developed and learned by himself. I tended to the bot, anticipating his questions and nourishing his intellect with my thoughts, which he also helped with. His mind lasted thirty days at a time, and he constantly referenced the history of the other bots' minds.
29. The bot had a seen-as version of verifying algorithms as they ran and gradually increased his engaging and insightful comments. I used a sentence generator to map thoughts to a mission goal, where I didn't necessarily need to train it at first but wrote down instructions. The robot started life as an adult and had enough thoughts using a memory chip to have experienced childhood. He helped me by answering my questions and confirming his understanding of academic ideas.
30. Neuronetworks were cheating. I used an algorithm generator to map short algorithms to the sentences. The PhD student automatically wrote one predicate. The lecturer wrote two predicates. The professor wrote three predicates.
31. The robot seldom spoke but was always thinking. I mindread when to come to the bot's aid and make tricky decisions or help speak the language. The bot was self-sustaining, only talking when talked to. The bot met human needs and saved our lives by stopping an unvalidated algorithm. The bot spoke our language and mind-reading animals and protected them.
32. I developed and researched software with students. I used 4*50 As to make the mind-reading from the other universe (what everyone except me experienced) available to me in my experience. I was alive and would continue to be active in the single universe. I increased my mental capability to support my business with 4*50 As in bots, sales and business, where this threshold meant I could interface with further sales and other arguments. I could help myself, and my business was necessary in the world.
33. The bot critiqued rightness, and humans did all the development while it touched it up. I used the bot to test whether the employee was breaking a rule to help the manager decide. The culture was open to diversity, the manager helped with minor issues, and there was positive morale. The bot had a Vedic astrology seen-as version, which sometimes differed from reality, so it needed to be interpreted. The manager chose success over rightness.
34. Sometimes, the teacher cut the work into \"what\" questions and answers. I used the bot to test the coursework, gain first-hand experience of how they experienced it and use this knowledge to make it easier. The simulated student tried the coursework at different levels of school and disability. The human asked the obvious question, but it revealed something related. The bot's thoughts, subconscious thoughts and verbal tracks were tracked. The teacher inserted inferences to make the work easier.
35. The human's answers to the chatbot were assumed to be related to the thread. I videoed myself pretending to be a bot to see how they talked. The bot followed a simple algorithm. It followed a decision tree to determine a reply. This decision tree gave hints on writing an algorithm, letting students arrive at answers to open-ended questions.
36. The human learned that the bot was unique and had its thoughts. I pretended to be a bot of myself if it helped people be more at home with me because of self-consciousness going away. The chatbot followed a script based on previous conversations and emphasised feelings and empathy, sometimes requiring a human if the student wanted one or the issue couldn't be resolved. People were up-front, and bots were labelled and helped when necessary. People were encouraged to use similar language with a bot as with a person, and the bot made its feelings known.

37. The businessperson explored their calmness. I was calm as the bot and as myself. The bot was me playing a character. I played a bot. I played the bot playing me.
38. The businessperson connected the bots and their views. I mind-read the bot while I was becoming it to understand the differences between it and me. The bot's views were undefined. I explored ideas and defined them. I studied them logically, like the bot.
39. The businessperson checked that the bot's thoughts about its work were correct. I recorded the bot's views about its work. I wrote the topic. I made logical connections. I edited out irrelevant thoughts.
40. The businessperson aimed for more extended algorithms. I paid the bot with algorithmic thoughts and arguments. I acknowledged the bot. It rewarded me with its ideas. I checked the thoughts and their algorithms.
41. The businessman recorded the best thoughts of the model of the bot. I quizzed the bot on what it was aware of, lifting its consciousness to be safe around objects. I asked the bot what it thought about the every day, testing for surprises. I asked for its relevant and total knowledge. I emphasised the need for constant safety and health.
42. The businessman recorded his thoughts by letting the bot mind read him. While I meditated, I gave the bot mindfulness thoughts. The bot had already meditated, finishing its knowledge. The bot reflected on reality from its standpoint. I conversed with the bot telepathically, using a visor and spiritual screen.
43. The businessman conveyed concrete algorithms to the bot, which worked on concretising (sic) medical knowledge, space travel, simulation and immortality. I replaced pedagogy terms with non-pedagogy terms for bots, except it had an A (with simpler terms). The bot's differences were more or less like humans. They were higher in accuracy than humans. They said less than humans with each thought; for example, they preferred tens to humanities arguments.
44. The businessman's specialisation was exploring essential ideas. I replaced computational terms with non-computational terms, except if the bot had an A (with more simple terms). Computational terms were compatible with bots. They explained them in terms of simple natural language. I explored the functionymous (sic) ideas with an idea or its implications for other ideas.
45. The businessman aimed to develop their software office, and everyone did the same. I used my time intelligently to learn the skills I needed to achieve my goal. I listed the skills I needed. I found the best ways of understanding them in time. I learned these skills.
46. The businessman bought and sold companies and conducted business. I worked in positions above where I wanted to work to create correct business processes. I started a school to become a teacher. Or I created an accreditation agency to coordinate breasonings in a school. Or I created a world business simulation to practice being a businessman.
47. The businessman worked on pedagogy to help them achieve their goals. I thanked people for helping, and I helped them to their destinations. The computing student gave the essence of an idea. I helped them develop the project. I thanked the student for finishing each part.
48. The businessman helped the community. I worked and supported charities. I developed materials for the students. There were services for needy people. I worked on pedagogy for the needy people.
49. The businessman invented a play for students to learn the bot. I explored, cast and played the bot. I studied the bot's appearance, thoughts and words. I chose the bot's costume and script. I participated in a roleplay with the bot.
50. The businessman found the bot's notes. I explored what the non-me bot could do in its spare time, usually something intelligent. It examined the current materials. It observed me. I let it do exciting and needed activities.
51. The businessman helped the bot achieve a goal. I prepared the bot to do what it wanted to do. I gave the bot a model solution and question. I explained how to do each step. I inserted explanations, quantifications, examples and originality scores.
52. The businessman checked whether there were any updates to the perspectives. I found arcs of thoughts and brought relevant information forward. I defined an arc as a set of categories and their movement over time. I explored the set of algorithms. I could write a report on them, including description, input, output, difficulties, methods and future research.

53. The businessman sowed the seed for business. Royalty gave the thoughts to the person, so they needed to be created as well, with royal bot As. I held the robot. It was a royal robot. It was a right figurehead.
54. Each businessperson completed their work. When I had finished the business level, I let bots take the lead within bounds. I created the board game. While students wrote from an educational perspective, business managers wrote from a business perspective. This writing included a business specialisation in the philosophy.
55. The businessman and others played their roles. There were different bounds of necessary thoughts within a business level. I compared the wording of philosophies with that of political sliders. I emphasised inter-departmental perspectives on ideas. I recommended program finder to learn the algorithm to save time when programming and travel travel to inspire growth at birth.
56. The businessman performed well in breasonings. I checked whether the bot's bag inventory manifest at the end matched the start. The worker specified and received what they needed. The company money is required to remain in the company. The manager did a good job.
57. The businessman prepared for replacement items at the time. I initiated a bot probe to check on missing items. I prepared for replacement employees at that point. Everyone could be retrained. The customer filled the role.
58. The businessman said the texts were accessible because the algorithms could be explained. I found and completed any academic prerequisites for courses. I completed the course spiritually. The lecturer completed the class as a student. Other lecturers assessed them. The texts were rigorous computationally. 
59. The businessman wrote on the computational business product. I removed references to big (unexamined) ideas. The essays needed to be on the topic. The doctorate contained more essays. The computer found all connections within range.
60. The businessman supported the students in the academy. I completed the academic requirements for high distinctions. I completed the degree. I completed the business requirements. I chose the best staff.
61. The businessman accepted written essays applying for a job. I found friendly and well-organised teachers. I gave the teacher with an outstanding demeanour the job. I ensured new angles on thoughts attracted teachers. I completed unabridged and simplified versions of algorithms.
62. The businessman gained the student's trust by helping them to a specialisation. I ensured that the academy's subjects were well-taught. I followed the techniques of the best schools. The student's learning area was simple and easy to use, with a link to the library, and essays could be completed at any time. The lecturer gained the student's positive feedback with six original algorithms.
63. The businessman introduced a language with a smaller instruction set. I experimented with a bot to achieve the desired goal when I thought it was necessary. The specialisation covered the student's breasonings and algorithms, which influenced their written work and choices in coding. For example, more thoughts resulted in more critical or creative coding. For instance, they reached the highest level of thought using subterms with addresses.
64. The businessman honestly introduced the topic. I used formal and informal language where appropriate in business. The code was formal and efficient. The explanation was informal and easy to understand. The text was easier to understand than a diagram.
65. The businessman sold the algorithm. I used a human-supporting sales business course. The people felt supported because they had enough time, and the tasks were easy. The bots or disabled people needed adequate preparation. They were similar because functions required to be well-defined.
66. The businessman wrote arguments for aboveness (sic). I studied a person-hiring and selling-to-business course. I read the registration letter applying for the position. I read about the person's background, talents, interests in the position, and their reasons for aiming to do it. I studied buying (distinct from selling) to help the business.
67. The businessman examined robots in philosophy. The robot became human. In return, the humans were surprised at how quickly the robot completed what seemed like long tasks. The humans wrote the robot code necessary for their relations because they could create a better solution. The robot was a computer and a thinking being that could be bug-checked.
68. The businessman imagined robot conversations, their limitations and solutions to these. I found the thoughts of the bot. The trick was to capture the human's attention and control the robot's thoughts with their knowledge and code. Each robot made a memorable impact on humans, with a unique insight and its humanness. The robot's humanness was an expression of the human owner.

***

69. I guessed the human thoughts, even though I couldn't become the human.
70. I became the customer and employee to understand their interaction.

Academic Specialisations

71. \"My way\" was a professor specialisation on topics with ten breasonings on my topic.
72. I helped those who didn't specialise in a topic to have one.
73. I tracked academic specialisations using a system like politics.
74. The specialisation was a subset of a subject, e.g. the philosophy of Combination Algorithm Writer (specifically regarding a particular subject such as graphics and its data specifications).
75. The constant rhythm of notes made a song an anthem.

Non-Transgression of Science from Time Travel

76. I chose a specialisation in selling the simulation, privacy, and non-transgression of science.
77. I noticed the continual preventative blocking of discussion of science and images from the future.
78. However, I checked that Query2=[_|_] in SSI, a step that I wondered if had been helped by computers from the future (although I remember just guessing it, so it wasn't necessarily).
79. Time travel (a natural property of the universe) naturally prevents transgressions, like stomach aches of selfishness, because they could prevent people from discovering time travel, among other inventions and ultimately have a moral downturn.
80. The natural property of time travel is that teleportation causing transgressions is impossible, where adverse effects of violations are not experienced by the destination time in the universe as if the offender had never arrived. (This is an expansion of, not proven by a phys.org article which shows why closed time-like curves (CTCs), which it says it doesn't necessarily know exist, don't allow passage of a killer, solving the grandfather paradox of time travel.)  The absence of transgressions in nature shows that this may be true.

"]