["Green, L 2024, <i>Business - Marketing</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Business - Marketing

1. The marketer ran the non-profit organisation using investments. I introduced myself to the other students in the forum. I gave my name. I stated the degree that I studied. I also listed my interests and where I was from.
2. The marketer familiarised themselves with marketing texts to increase their business potency. First, I read the marketing texts. Then, I downloaded and converted each PDF into text files. Next, I wrote short essays on their synthesis. Finally, I wrote notes on the lecture notes.
3. The marketer wrote all their software themselves. I argued that some people shouldn't use the chatbot because it is unethical and makes mistakes. I used a random word generator to think of perspectives. Then, I wrote sentences about these perspectives. I did this instead of relying on computational neurons to think for me.
4. The marketer showed gratitude to their helpers. I contacted the other students to form a group. I read the other student's posts. I contacted them with a friendly greeting about their interests and possibly forming a group. If they agreed, I started a group with them.
5. The marketer wrote a perfect program that found prospects, similar to an algorithm that found tests in List Prolog code. Next, I wrote List Prolog converter testers. Next, I wrote converters from Prolog to List Prolog and vice versa. Next, I wrote pretty printers from List Prolog to formatted List Prolog and formatted Prolog. Finally, I tested that List Prolog ended up the same when (possibly converted from Prolog, then to List Prolog, then) converted to Prolog and List Prolog to ensure the converters worked uniformly.
6. The marketer chose Apple, having won an Apple competition in secondary school and programmed on them all their lives. The students used the same organisation for the group and individual reports. Using the same organisation showed alignment between the assignments. The students could examine the same content from different perspectives. This examination allowed students to learn skills and compare ideas.
7. The marketer devised a cross-dimensional telephone. First, the students choose an organisation they would like to work at. Next, the students considered the companies' products, culture and what they would like to work in. I prefer GitHub or my organisation, perhaps with a new focus on neural networks. I contributed fascinating algorithm writers and spiritual computer science to the company.
8. The marketer possibly invented an organisation for the assignment with needed attributes. The professor assigned organisations to us. He considered our studies and the interests of those in the group. For example, marketing students could study a marketing firm that handles internet promotion. In addition, students who enjoyed outdoor sports could also study an outdoor gear shop or a touring service.
9. The marketer sold themselves to join a group. The professor assigned the students randomly to a group if they didn't join a group. The students greeted each other in the forums. In the second week, they networked and chose groups. The lecturer added leftover people to existing groups.
10. The marketer wrote marketing algorithms to segment the market and position themselves. I used my last trimester's forum introduction. I included my company website, which linked to my open-source software page and writing. I argued for \"big ideas\" in marketing research this trimester, such as interfaces with other business subjects. For example, I planned to investigate how marketing influenced the whole company, including accounting and the organisation.
11. The marketer helped rather than forced programming. I argued that marketing involved customers rather than having a focus on products. Instead of producing products and selling them, today's marketing focuses on customising products for customers. Customising products had a limit, such as asking how to help customers and then seeing how to satisfy them. In an experiment, I focused on the extreme of giving the customer exactly what they wanted, such as a fantasy of artificial intelligence that gave them 100% creative control and helped with only intelligence decisions with a mind-reading headset.
12. The marketer had different company images. I stated that buyers and employees were customers. The buyers set goals. They aimed to develop customer and knowledge databases and writing. They examined the countries, planning growth.
13. The marketer applied marketing to all aspects of their life. I stated that marketing was linked to other parts of the business. For example, marketing helped maintain confidence and solidarity within the organisation. Marketing helped maintain sales materials. In addition, marketing helped with the professional appearance of training materials.
14. The marketer could set up any experience or software demonstration in the holodeck, but no one has invented it yet. The lecturer introduced the contention that \"The customer is king\". On the positive side, customers would feel included and attended to professionally. On the negative side, the company would have to do too much work for the customer sometimes and be unable to satisfy their demands. In conclusion, the representative should listen to the customer's specific questions.
15. The marketer used public information to serve customers better. Lucian said that the \"customer is king\" reminded him of surveillance in Silicon Valley to better serve customers. However, he qualified this by stating that this would need to be in line with privacy law and policy. Someone suggested that the customer's needs, particularly their questions, comments and suggestions, would need to be listened to. The company customised the product or service given this feedback.
16. The marketer showed care on personal, customer and citizen levels. The lecturer asked how the company would know what the customer was thinking and whether it was right or wrong. I assumed this referred to the customer, not the company. If it relates to the company, the data must be non-personal, available to the customer and follow appropriate laws. As it referred to the customer, the customer should follow etiquette and politeness and demonstrate courtesy for others when making inquiries.
17. The marketer used mind reading to give customers what they wanted. If the customer asks for something impractical, giving it to them is unnecessary. The customer's wish was my command. They could have a partner of their dreams. They could travel anywhere in the universe. They could time travel.
18. The marketer mind-mapped or breasoned out 50 As and thousands of marketing generators to determine what the customer wanted. The idea is about what kind of conversations the self wants to have with consumers. The light, inspirational songs were their favourites. They were secular hymns. They had many ideas about them and were inspired by algorithms.
19. The marketer was in demand in the future. It is about how the self can help the other rather than saying the customer is God. The thousands of marketing generators were music and fine arts generator. There were also philosophy and algorithm generators. Music could evoke arts and logic.
20. The marketer aligned with the first person. Non-profit organisations should operate like businesses. The meditation centre taught meditation. The students studied meditation and medicine at the institution. They developed their interests in pedagogy and examination of areas of study.
21. The institution relied on signage and word-of-mouth. Non-profits should take part in marketing, which still needs involvement by them. The student finished admin to work. They started work. The institution could pay for accreditation with enough investments and income. Marketing was necessary for turning over money.
22. The marketer found what the immortal needed and gave it to them, such as food, accommodation and thoughts. Non-profits will not lose their identity if they act like a business. The teacher found students interested in immortality. The students would ideally be studying for a master's degree. In addition, they would be interested in pedagogy and meditation. Time travelling to a time that offered immortality required help from a degree and spiritual skills.
23. The marketer kept their mind occupied. The immortal wrote thoughts for people they met. Thoughts related to science or fact. Extra thoughts were optional. New sciences were work and required care and examination.
24. The marketer spent money on a Windows VPS to test software. Smartphones are a need, not a want. Programmers need, not want, computers and phones. The programmer ran software they wrote online on phones. They upgraded their computer to work with the latest operating system.
25. The marketer marketed with breasonings. Smartphones are both a need and a want, but still a necessity. They are necessary to buy food, see friends and evolve with the times. I noticed the Text to Breasonings algorithm in Prolog had other connotations in future simulations. While smartphones couldn't run Text to Breasonings directly, they could run it on a laptop.
26. The marketer acted like downloads of their software, similar to proprietary software, were like sales, where the money came in indirectly through acting, a pension and investments. Smartphones are wanted if one constantly upgrades. Those with less money might think the smartphone is not appreciated if it is too easy to buy. Although, those with more money might need the latest and greatest technology, where want transforms into need. It might be necessary for other software and technological features.
27. The marketer performed diction and appearance pedagogy preparations in the morning. According to Maslow's Hierarchy, a smartphone is perhaps for safety and security but is also a prestige symbol. I spent only on social needs. Some believed accreditation could be breasoned out by individuals. Qualifications were agreed-on collections of these \"quantum showers\".
28. The marketer worked out how to satisfy the customer. They can use Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs to highlight the consumer's needs and how to help them. These ranged from subsistence, food, accommodation and sleep to social and intellectual needs. Once the person has met one need, they might become hungry for more attention, enough comfort and higher standards. These needs are satisfied by sympathising with the person's pathway and helping with their goals.
29. The marketer chose to work in the industry, developing online courses. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs helps determine the product, promotions and pricing. For example, the customer may need food, entertainment and school materials. The company may be able to cut a deal with the customer in exchange for work, give student discounts, or give subsidised training. The self chose a business doctorate, which transcended the stress of performance.
30. Regarding Maslow's hierarchy of needs, the soap product fits into safety. Separately, I was surprised by the results of Lucian CI/CD. Sometimes, the algorithm omitted duplicate files and predicates. Other times, Lucian CI/CD omitted unnecessary lines. The other lines functioned because the programmer wrote them like a stretching elastic or referred to local variables.
31. The marketer organised an academy. The product addresses the customer's need: the need for self-actualisation through safety and security and becoming happy, belongingness, relations, and seeing the natural self as pure beauty, longing and love. The advertisement suggests that the beauty product will meet these needs. Separately, I taught at my company through with a Business qualification. So there was a pull towards business.
32. The marketer thought of buying mechanically. The beauty product followed a message of loving oneself. With it, the marketers claimed, one fulfilled a dream of giving oneself what one deserves. One found oneself thinking of spoonerisms, i.e. saying one wound the product rather than one found the product. One found oneself wondering if the product had a mechanical, helpful side. When it was clear it didn't, one thought of one's logic.

LG: value-adding - improve skin, cleanliness, that feeling
- someone else - inner and outer beauty

think of marketing beyond products and services
- Nike - lifestyle, it makes me look and feel good and cool
- it isn't about wearing it for 3 years in a row

Woolworths - value of lower prices over winter
Oreo - strawberry (gay?)
Gillette - What men stand for - against bullying, sexual harassment
 - be the best man you can be
 
 value - the benefit *
 value proposition - what company is standing for *
 
emphasise these in segmentation, other reports

- these *, then find what the customer wants

competitive advantage (extremely hard) - differentiates your company and keeps your customers coming back

2 ass
- marketing plan
- internal within the company
- external env, technology, other factors
- this forms the first assignment
- will look at segmentation - who will buy your product

product or place (service) strategies

* don't use chatgpt

32. *"]