["Green, L 2022, <i>Business Man Lucian Green</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Business Man Lucian Green, Deploying the Lucian bot, Academic Specialisations and Non-Transgression of Science from Time Travel

1. The businessman taught meditation. Flip risks into successes. Given the BAG output, I wrote it in a more straightforward form. If only one CPU existed, I switched off multithreading in T2B, T2AB and BAG. I timed the computation to calculate how long it took with a particular input.
2. The businessman helped develop the living. Transcend the cage of the inner critic, and be an actor in any department, particularly in business, who is seen as professional and can do anything necessary. There was a spare computer in case a computer went down. I devised the algorithm to develop continuous, high-quality thoughts. I also took a break, importantly, giving my brain rest.
3. The businessman smoothed the entry to use the product. Without an A for the business person, you can't be a brand, but with it, you can be the subject of journalism and marketing, which is necessary for business. I noticed subjectivity had its objectivity or setting. I added a voice or email notification when a machine had completed its computation. Also, if there was a problem, I received a notification.
4. The businessman gave the language in the text As. In particular, the business person's argument makes money by being trusted with it and does business with other business people, his star-studded business partners. I negotiated more business in philosophy, music and computer science over time than in a short time. I uploaded the necessary files to support the students to the Virtual Private Server (VPS). The students needed to be supported at the time they were working.
5. The businessman helped the meditator. Having fifty arguments for a business person is theatre studies. The actor prepared the speech from the philosophy. The worker developed the algorithm. I wrote an algorithm to run in the background according to a schedule.
6. The businessman charged subscribers of the algorithm. If you make deals with famous partners, you will be notable about them, and they will be noted about you, making more money. I advertised to the people. The algorithm to freeze people's age can be resold. Individuals can buy and run the algorithm daily to freeze their age.
7. The businessman helped the person on all fronts to be immortal. Sometimes, only famousness is cut and differentiates between an enticing business partner or not. I cut the number of breasonings produced by the BAG algorithm to the end of the day. I used mind reading to detect when I meditated and ran the BAG algorithm until the end of the day. Only the people of the time could be protected because there were so many to do.
8. The businessman only ran BAG for paying meditators. Becoming business royalty means you can do business with royals. One should note that royals are influential, and you can also exert your considered and wise influence. In addition, royals have more resources and would like better ways of enjoying life, such as pedagogy and help. I meditated in the morning and started BAG.
9. The businessman downloaded new content every day. Fifty arguments for a business person can be used in politics 50 As (because politics includes business). I automatically downloaded new arguments and algorithms from the server. I breasoned out texts as I went. I hand-entered new breasonings individually later.
10. The businessman helped the local people. Politics of organisations, through the business person 50 As, allows doing a \"blue square\" for the politics of an organisation, where politics keeps track of the internal politics of an organisation. I breasoned out five people * 4*50 As (*80 breasonings) *2*(for home and future locations) * (1 teleportation + 1 anti-ageing medicine + 1 meditation + from 0-15 high-quality thoughts) *5 for people around them = 3200000 breasonings with one high-quality thought, taking up to 6.7 hours. I used the old computer to help, but it had a limit. The rest of the time was spent working and helping students.
11. The businessman met the professional requirements for the academy. Politics of organisation through business person 50 As enables more money through a better understanding of an organisation. I worked out possible answers in my academy. Each answer had 4*50 As. There were two or three answers per assignment.
12. The businessman had details for their character. I converted myself to a business person with my business person A. I wrote 4*50 details for each answer. I wrote 50 paragraphs of details with the mind-reading algorithm. I used detailed mind reading, mind reading and random numbers to replace certain words in the philosophy with similar words.
13. The businessman represented the clothes well. I wore business clothes. The self emailed the self from the machine if the algorithm detected breasonings and algorithms not yet breasoned out with T2B and T2BA. The scanner found words in files that hadn't been breasoned out. In response, the person breasoned them out.
14. The businessman on-sold the algorithm. I conducted myself professionally. I used ten four-CPU VPSs to generate thoughts. Instead, I counted the available CPUs. If these were not enough, I ran the algorithm with different users.
15. The businessman had a natural expectation for growth. Writing the business, person A was business. I counted the breasonings that the algorithm produced. I checked that it counted them correctly. I deleted extra newlines.
16. The businessman attributed different settings to different algorithms. Writing the business person A encouraged others to pay me (I reinvented myself and could sell the images). I truncated the file to generate BAG breasonings, preserving formatting. Also, BAG preserved formatting, generating unique and punctuated algorithms and arguments. The BAG output conjured up imagery and possible directions for research.
17. The businessman played a professor. I could be a business actor in a video. The professor wrote ten high-quality BAG thoughts. Professors need to help students with ten details. When the professional requirements had been met, the noumenon was activated.
18. The businessman wrote a diary about time travel. My voice could be in a business product. I removed the BAG recipients from time travel in the daily regimen. When their breasonings were finished, they time travelled manually. Their guests also completed time travel.
19. The businessman wrote his thoughts and decided what their constitution was. My thoughts could be part of a business product. The community leader breasoned out fifteen high-quality thoughts. They were given additional thoughts for each thought. Also, they were given the thoughts once per day.
20. The businessman thought of the answers, then the thoughts. My writing could be on a business product. I mind-read fifteen possible similar replacement words from the dictionary for students' databases. These databases were arguments or algorithms. The students' thoughts were about the answers.

Deploying the Lucian bot

21. The bot died, but I came back to life. Instead of dying, I chose to live. I started a business. I planned gradual improvements to my business. My simulated chief of staff helped with student questions and other company aims.
22. One idea inspired more than one new idea. I solved dying. I travelled to the future and took care of all that. My body didn't age, allowing me to work on my projects continually in my prime. My writing generated more and more writing.
23. The bot exhibited perfect function.
24. The bot could attend meetings.
25. I could become the bot when I needed to.
26. I helped the bot apply for necessary papers for international meetings, so neither of us would break any laws.
27. I turned off the bot before and after being used.
28. I did all the bot's thoughts at each point.
29. I used a sentence generator to map thoughts to a mission goal, where I didn't necessarily need to train it at first but wrote down instructions.
30. I used an algorithm generator to map short algorithms to the sentences.
31. I mindread when to come to the bot's aid and make tricky decisions or help with speaking the language.
32. I used 4*50 As to make the mind-reading from the other universe (what everyone else except me experienced) available to me in my experience.
33. I used the bot to test whether the employee was breaking a rule to help the manager decide.
34. I used the bot to test the coursework, gain a first-hand experience of how they experienced it and use this knowledge to make it easier.
35. I videoed myself pretending to be a bot to see how they talked.
36. I pretended to be a bot of myself if it helped people be more at home with me because of self-consciousness going away.

37. I was calm as the bot and as myself.
38. I mind-read the bot while I was becoming it to understand the differences between it and me.
39. I recorded the bot's thoughts about its work.
40. I paid the bot with algorithmic thoughts and arguments.
41. I quizzed the bot on what it was aware of, lifting its consciousness to be safe around objects.
42. While I meditated, I gave the bot mindfulness thoughts.
43. I replaced pedagogy terms with non-pedagogy terms for bots, except it had an A (with more simple terms).
44. I replaced computational terms with non-computational terms, except if the bot had an A (with more simple terms).
45. I used my time intelligently to learn the skills I needed to achieve my goal.
46. I worked above positions where I wanted to work to create correct business processes.
47. I thanked people for helping, and I helped them to their goals.
48. I worked and helped charities.
49. I explored, cast and played the bot.
50. I explored what the non-me bot could do in its spare time, usually something intelligent.
51. I prepared the bot to do what it wanted to do.
52. I found arcs of thoughts and brought relevant information forward.
53. Royalty gave the thoughts to the person, so they needed to be created as well, with royal bot As.
54. When I had finished the business level, I let bots take the lead within bounds.
55. There were different bounds of necessary thoughts within a business level.
56. I checked whether the bot's bag inventory manifest at the end matched the start.
57. I initiated a bot probe to check on missing items.
58. I found and completed any academic prerequisites for courses.
59. I removed references to big (unexamined) ideas.
60. I completed academic requirements for high distinctions
61. I avoided unfriendly or disorganised teachers.
62. If they were unavoidable, I completed similar subjects elsewhere.
63. I experimented with a bot to achieve the desired goal when I thought it was necessary.
64. I used formal and informal language where appropriate in business.
65. I used a human-supporting sales business course 
66. I studied a person-hiring and selling-to business course.
67. I went around humans instead of becoming them.
68. I found the thoughts of the bot.
69. I guessed the human thoughts, even though I couldn't become the human.
70. I became the customer and employee to understand their interaction.

Academic Specialisations

71. \"My way\" was a professor specialisation on topics with ten breasonings on my topic.
72. I helped those who didn't specialise in a topic to have one.
73. I tracked academic specialisations using a system like politics.
74. The specialisation was a subset of a subject, e.g. the philosophy of Combination Algorithm Writer (specifically regarding a particular subject such as graphics and its data specifications).
75. The constant rhythm of notes made a song an anthem.

Non-Transgression of Science from Time Travel

76. I chose a specialisation in selling the simulation, privacy, and non-transgression of science.
77. I noticed the continual preventative blocking of discussion of science and images from the future.
78. However, I checked that Query2=[_|_] in SSI, a step that I wondered if had been helped by computers from the future (although I remember just guessing it, so it wasn't necessarily).
79. Time travel (a natural property of the universe) naturally prevents transgressions, like stomach aches of selfishness, because they could prevent people from discovering time travel, among other inventions and ultimately have a moral downturn.
80. The natural property of time travel is that teleportation causing transgressions is impossible, where adverse effects of violations are not experienced by the destination time in the universe as if the offender had never arrived. (This is an expansion of, not proven by a phys.org article which shows why closed time-like curves (CTCs), which it says it doesn't necessarily know exist, don't allow passage of a killer, solving the grandfather paradox of time travel.)  The absence of transgressions in nature shows that this may be true.
"]

- build with all preds present (not just those tested) to avoid problems with order
- subterm with address to get and put preds

check order
remove dups incl from loops x remove what is in loops from rest

label find dep preds for find groups, run sub term with add, delete dups, sub back

poss bugs
- loop1,_] then more items

check on exiting pred ns in t15


lc find deps

don't try further groups if fails
group items by looping, shells

group loops, shell items together

delete extra instances of preds
- start with lower instances of pred before deleting upper instances
*2. 
*0 x 1. v - find loop1 first
-- 

Do as many tests as possible rather than than stop after failing one. x--

Lc find dependencies 
Post order dfs


Groups have items below them--
- put them below group (test first)
*1 x 0. 

Call called overlapping ab…ab
C
-make group x have error
highest definition to Lowest call
- other calls within the group can be tested individually x in the group x individually - for calls leaving the loop
- predicates forming loop parts not needed to be tested - warning if there are missing tests
later: loops within loops, two links in a part of the loop
- later: multiple loops from same pred

Don’t delete dup preds x

Correct on book
v

dfs post order x pre order
- x


instead of using a top or first var, use 2 clauses


lc find deps

test many preds
group loops in dfs

order_preds_bottom_up1_post_order_dfs(_22604, [1], [[1, [2, 3]], [2, []], [3, [4]],[4,[]]], [0, [1]], A).

I ran Lucian CI/CD for each repository connected to the first repository.
I only tested a predicate while testing predicates bottom-up once.
I always loaded data, comments and tests in files.
The tests will be loaded for each predicate.
The predicates needed for other predicates are loaded when a file has been modified.
Tests are run that correspond to a repository's primary file name, where Lucian CI/CD fails without this file name.
Lucian CI/CD tests each whole repository at a time.
I assumed all files in a repository are called by the main file.
If other repositories used a predicate, I tested them as well.
When running a repository, I checked that all predicates in other repositories were loaded with the package manager.

Ssiws as swipl lib--

Toplevel, append 1


lc

- test preds bottom-up:
- list preds in the touched files and their preds
- number preds
- order preds in bottom-up order
 - if there is a loop, group preds
- test pred groups with not yet done tests

- combos apply to new preds in each group
- if pred unchanged, skip it x won't know(), other changes may affect it
- test 1 pred group (with all clauses) at a time
- save changes x each run goes from start

- tests should be loaded first
- if no test, error
- only test Prolog bottom-up

x lc runs all tests anyway, just run tests bottom-up to reset 7 changes

- log reports preds tested, result
- if everything passes, saves files
- can find best changes across versions, just need tests for new preds
 - so, error on no test ensures that it is all tested
- at least save re-lc'd repos as go

* identify pred with name and arity
* sm

x It is best to run lc with small changes at a time, obsoleting the above x sometimes multiple teams work on multiple changes


--

rerun lc for each group
- only test a pred once
- always load data files (the last version of lc that is compatible with non prolog is before 1 8 23)
- how will the tests be loaded - for each pred
- preds needed for preds are different from touched files
 - need a test that contains a repo's main file name, fails without it
 - test whole alg, don't worry about changed files x test at, above changed preds x test whole alg (what if order is different) x run lc when a file changes, but test whole alg x test changed parts
 - assumed all files in a repo are called by the main file
  - if other repos use a pred, test them as well
 - use lppm deps to produce error if a pred isn't found x check a pred from another repo is loaded using lppm (when that repo is the main one), otherwise error x when running a repo, check all preds in other repos are loaded with lppm
 

--

Different each time
Same for a student’s assess


Accred for people, dis at uni
Questionnaire about phil


4*50 As for regular fb, google ads--


Choose, explain and write a program for a person--


Find students after uni lecture and talk --


Sell books in city--


If can’t afford to sell amazon books, point to free online books--


Multiple Questionnaires on clipboards --

Cold call or sell courses on street--

Software box with usb drive for different systems


Plastic sheet for box of books--


+, - etc in lp2p--

----


make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

---

do thing like musc comp mr for algs (art, architecture, design)
---
1000s algs

- each dept
eg medit check medits are all alright
run tests for a pred with another to see if they are the same predicate

run pl from ssi, lpi (for web) v

make vetusia for web by running pl with variables saved
- other web apps

luciancicd 23 6 23

- list diff summary, link in log
- toc at start with file names
- line nums
- not pl or pp0, remove comments

- how long doc is at start
- toc also in diff files
web luciancicd

- lets choose from possible changes (for up to seven changes at a time x)
- version description for group of changes
- can upload or not upload after a group tests positive

diff html - updates first check box list after changes - checks what happened to each change
table of contents of changes
asks if want to manually keep text, comments
ssi need check boxes
luciancicd needs web output

x no multiple stages

each pipeline, result and diff (of finished version)
- start pipeline command and logs
- result, not live results

xx tests can't be separated from each other, so do simple web app

chronological order

keep 4 levels

---

Money: property
- Job: aged care

% help-replace alg with solution
- one pred at a time
- paraph
- only hints for each line and args, not the order of args xx
- explain and confirm understanding of the code x

% vetusia-style website with login, enrollment (with payment 40 4*50 As for high -powered refunds), account, courses-teaching, assessment (plagiarism checker) and help.

% ssi ws wo x payment, pl in lp

bus bank acct

bo* sales
test ws, courses
bytecode lpi lang

&varlist
=variable list


Ask the female head of state robot nicely if she can do medicine and immortality things.
- Still need tt As
- don't need to tt (die to home time)

x the other character will get old and have lower quality of life

25 7 23 gmail

Gc
If only 1 item per level, delete level 

La com

Help everyone with model solution for each alg line


Pol

Plainnesses join mix fun

lucianpl
A is B evaluates both sides

Human bot mindful of medic prob--


% split200.pl

% I supported freezing one's age with meditation politically, including its lifestyle and implications.

% 3 sales, with groups of 3 4*50 As 5-8 seconds apart
% all 20 x 100% positive thoughts
% half of 4*50 As should be det mr
% protected with seen-as appearance


4*50 As with bag texts - 2 words replaced with terms from A, 8 words replaced with antonym brdict1-2 words
- some bag results left alone for an A for themselves

split of 200
- 0.5 text details
- only nec for tt, medic, medit
- rest sales (mr):

morally end mr not working

everyone contributes As to mr

find out whether customer is a lead

if so do alg

alg
- () 3 level funnels for each of:
- aim i/o - data
- thing that interests you - 1 command
- if more m-readers, can have more thoughts - 5 commands (and more data)
- br is descr of alg
- if alg doesn't work, make up 5 more

* It is a non-profit business. The paid students (who are employed from dividends from investments) x the volunteer students are found through a site will have A given to them at the time. 

- focus mr from other times on a single time
- 10 4*50 As to find best times of day

x keep first 200 for me

remove double quotes from paraphraser1

--


Stops back aches

Protect texts as within sliders- 1 of 10 points

Antonyms for each word

Antonyms for t2b, t2ba

Br, t2ba ant

Replace with theirwords in original textfile

Shell bag saves each br set

For new medits, find pos with few det mr, more mr and mostly random

Catch timeout for bag
- find time from logs
--

Bag give self A for A--

bag
- count all br, even failed ones
- count and stop when algs, args reach n

only count working br (total is correct but day2.pl's counter overcounts)
- change day2.pl, bag_args21.pl etc and bag

 
need 1 person each bag person faces to be done too 
4*50 As for br face expressions
?- N=1,M=14000,texttobr(5,u,"square",M).


move gh/private2 to gh-private2
(ghp2 refers to files in gh)
save ghp2 as gh on server
find refs to private2 and change them

x

t2b data can be public
move private data to private repos
- t2b medits, meditnoreplace


* git get updated software-as-files

bag
delete time notifs
- reports of total, br true
print out when over 6000
put recent docs in

bring time limit from 5 -> 2*average v

use faster of alg of concurrent v/old bag - v


* put in gh

continuous hqt

gits.txt - download ghs to vps

test_alarm.pl on a minute/hour
swipl 



--

wasm
- multithreading, web

https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-loading


try running up to 96k br in an hour

--x:
javascript

window.open('https://www.javatpoint.com')
 
 run js from wasm
 https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/man?section=wasm-js-call
 
 
 google: javascript send receive data with apis
bag

exclude sparse files with low scores

conflicted copies from mba dropbox:


mac crontab -e (?)
customise x
run a person's bag every 2 hours x 5 minutes if not running
except audio alert, putting through
move log file after n done

separate archive aa log into new alg
pop singer v keep new bag
if bag fails, redo v

adrian antonia hqt x redo bag
download t2b non concurrent for vps vx kept concurr

ameet ass
ssi


copy bag to priv2, vps

delete () in freeze v
perhaps take random section x start

- test where last line of eg 6000 is
+5% v
repair t2b, t2ab dicts v

remove non alpha chars t2b v

br, v
t2ab v

daily reg v

recent algs, args v
multithread bag, t2b, t2ab (with installers for different cpu n - test whether only top level pred needs duplicating) v

9 7 23

test run bag on vps for 24h
upload non critical repos each day
email count at 9 AM

today restart, send email at 12 PM
- upload with sending 2 emails x 3, one at 3 PM


I wrote on sales during my MBA to help me build networks.
I wrote about business during my MBA to help me build networks.
I will be highly distinguished for GSBS6005Marketing Management and Planning (T2 2023 ONLINE).