["Green, L 2022, <i>ECONOMICS</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Economics

Leadership
Uses for Money in Theatre Studies
Uses for Money in Epistemology (Poetry)
Uses for Money in Music
Uses for Money in Fine Arts
Breasonings Currency
Marketing for LM to Siva
Breasonings Currency 2-6 (there is no 1)

Leadership
1. The manager prepared to help people help people to be creative. She did this by being present. First, she thought of the beginning of the idea. Second, she thought of the middle of the idea. Third, she thought of the end of the idea. In this way, the manager prepared to help people help people to be creative by being present.


2. The manager prepared to create a new skill. He did this by verifying the tradesman’s tradesmanship skills. First, he read the sentence in the letter, “Yours sincerely, Lucian”. Second, he thought of a new way of writing this, “Thank you, Lucian”. * Third, he wrote this in a letter to the same person. In this way, the manager prepared to create a new skill by verifying the tradesman’s tradesmanship skills.


3. I prepared to lead a happy life. I did this by taking the daffodil from the circus cow’s back. First, I observed when the circus cow was standing still. Second, I stood beside the circus cow. Third, I removed the daffodil from a pocket attached to the circus cow’s back. In this way, I prepared to lead a happy life by taking the daffodil from the circus cow’s back.

	
4. I untwisted the beetle’s legs from the chocolate


5. I prepared for the model Nervous system to function properly. I did this by starting to compute fewer, higher quality computations using the model brain. First, I computed a computation once every 1 second. Second, I computed a computation once every 2 seconds. Third, I calculated a calculation once every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared for the model Nervous system to function correctly by starting to compute fewer, higher quality computations using the model brain.


6.    I prepared for the model Circulatory system to function correctly. I did this by starting to pump liquid through the model heart more slowly. First, I relaxed the model heart to suck in the fluid and contracted it to pump the liquid out every 1 second. Second, I relaxed the model heart to suck in the liquid and contracted it to pump the liquid out every 2 seconds. Third, I expanded the model heart to suck in the fluid and contracted it to pump the fluid out every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared for the model Circulatory system to function correctly by starting to pump liquid through the model heart more slowly.


7.    I prepared for the model Respiratory system to function correctly. I did this by expanding the model lungs by contracting the model diaphragm more slowly. First, I expanded the model lungs by contracting the model diaphragm every 5 seconds. Second, I expanded the model lungs by contracting the model diaphragm every 10 seconds. Third, I expanded the model lungs by contracting the model diaphragm every 20 seconds. I prepared for the model Respiratory system to function correctly by expanding the model lungs by contracting the model diaphragm more slowly.


8.    I prepared for the model Digestive system to function correctly. I did this by churning the food with the model stomach more slowly. First, I churned the food with the model stomach every 1 second. Second, I churned the food with the model stomach every 2 seconds. Third, I churned the food with the model stomach every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared for the model Digestive system to function correctly by churning the food with the model stomach more slowly.


9.    I prepared to use my model muscles. I did this by tying the strings (like glucose molecules) to make a quipu (like the glycogen molecule with 30,000 glucose units) in the model liver more slowly. First, I tied the strings to create a quipu with three strings attached in the model liver approximately every 1 second. Second, I tied the strings to make a quipu with three strings attached in the model liver roughly every 2 seconds. Third, I tied the strings to create a quipu with three strings attached in the model liver approximately every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared to use my model muscles by tying the strings (like glucose molecules) to make a quipu (like the glycogen molecule with 30,000 glucose units) in the model liver more slowly.


10.    I prepared to help the small intestine break down carbohydrates, lipids and proteins, where all body parts referred to are models. I did this by releasing marbles (representing digestive enzymes) from my model pancreas more slowly. First, I released marbles from my model pancreas every 1 second. Second, I released marbles from my model pancreas every 2 seconds. Third, I released marbles from my model pancreas every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared to help the small intestine break down carbohydrates, lipids and proteins by releasing marbles (representing digestive enzymes) from my model pancreas more slowly.


11.    I prepared to achieve normal blood glucose levels using glucagon if I had low blood glucose and insulin if I had high blood glucose, where all body parts referred to are models. I did this by releasing marbles (representing glucagon or insulin) from my model pancreas (from my alpha or beta cells, respectively) more slowly. First, I released either a black or white marble from my model pancreas every 1 second. Second, I released a marble of this shade from my model pancreas every 2 seconds. Third, I released a marble of this shade from my model pancreas every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared to achieve normal blood glucose levels using glucagon if I had low blood glucose and insulin if I had high blood glucose by releasing marbles (representing glucagon or insulin) from my model pancreas (from my alpha or beta cells, respectively) more slowly.


12.    I prepared to give my body enough nutrients, where all body parts referred to are models. I did this by squishing small chunks of food through the small intestine model more slowly. First, I squished a piece of food through the sieve every 1 second. Second, I squished a piece of food through the sieve every 2 seconds. Third, I squished a piece of food through the sieve every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared to give my body enough nutrients by squishing small pieces of food through the small intestine model more slowly.


13.    I prepared to give my body enough water. I did this by sieving water through my large intestine model more slowly. First, I sieved water through the sieve every 1 second. Second, I sieved water through the sieve every 2 seconds. Third, I sieved water through the sieve every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared to give my body enough water by sieving water through my large intestine model more slowly.


14.    I prepared for the model Urinary system to function correctly. I did this by sieving liquid (like the metabolites to be urinated) through a sieve (like a model Loop of Henle in the model kidney) into water (making the urine-like liquid) more slowly. First, I sieved liquid through the sieve every 1 second. Second, I sieved liquid through the sieve every 2 seconds. Third, I sieved liquid through the sieve every 4 seconds. In this way, I prepared for the model Urinary system to function correctly by sieving liquid (like the metabolites to be urinated) through a sieve (like a model Loop of Henle in the model kidney) into water (making the urine-like liquid) more slowly.

Uses for Money in Theatre Studies

1.     I prepared to go to heaven.  I did this by watching the theatre production.  First, I watched the Magistri Magna Gloria himself.  Second, I watched the fiesole (sic).  Third, I watched the character actors.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven by watching the theatre production.


2.    I prepared to achieve my goal.  I did this by writing that for 50 As, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I used 50 As to earn a job.  Second, I used 50 As to protect my health with meditation (with philosophy) on one day.  Third, I used 50 As to have a famous child.  In this way, I prepared to achieve my goal by writing that for 50 As, I was given the value of 50 As.


3.    I prepared to determine that a natural threshold for 50 As had been met with 50 As.  I did this by writing that for the second of 2 in the set of 50 As the master gave me the value of 50 A grades going through.  First, I allowed 50 A grades in a PhD to go through as a lecturer.  Second, I allowed 50 A grades in Masters to go through as a lecturer.  Third, I allowed 50 A grades to award an acting job to go through as a director.  In this way, I prepared to determine that a natural threshold for 50 As had been met with 50 As by writing that for the second of 2 in the set of 50 As the master gave me the value of 50 A grades going through.


4.    I prepared to link excellences in the community together.  I did this by writing that for 50 A+s, the master gave me the value of 50 A+s.  First, I earned the award of best in the PhD class.  Second, I donated some of my 50 A+ breasonings to extracurricular volunteering.  Third, I wrote to my local member of parliament to improve the standard of services to 50 A+s.  I did this by I prepared to link excellences in the community together by writing that for 50 A+s, the master gave me the value of 50 A+s.


5.    I prepared to inspire 100% service.  I did this by writing that for 50 100%s, the master gave me the value of 50 100%s.  First, I earned a University scholarship.  Second, I received the movie scholarship.  Third, I received an industry scholarship.  In this way, I prepared to inspire 100% service by writing that for 50 100%s, the master gave me the value of 50 100%s.


6.    I prepared to recognise an excellent product (prize applicant).  I did this by writing that for the second of 2 in the set of 50 A+s, the master gave me the value of 50 A+ grades going through.  First, I awarded the prize for excellent work in hospitality.  Second, I assigned the award for outstanding work in economics.  Third, I awarded the award for exceptional work in nutrition.  In this way, I prepared to recognise an excellent product (prize applicant) by writing that the computer gave the second of 2 in the set of 50 A+s the value of 50 A+ grades going through.


7.    I prepared to award a cohort of Science students 100%.  I did this by writing that for the second of 2 in the set of 50 100%s, the computer gave me the value of 50 100%s going through.  First, I prepared 50 100%s.  Second, I verified the students who had earned 100%.  Third, I awarded each of them 100%.  In this way, I prepared to grant a cohort of Science students 100% by writing that for the second of 2 in the set of 50 100%s, the computer gave me the value of 50 100%s going through.


8.    I prepared to be astonished in a film.  I did this by writing that for 250 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I wrote 250 breasonings for a film character.  Second, the computer gave me high quality imagery.  Third, I was given each of the 16 greater 250 breasoning sets in the production until I had earned 50 As (16*250 breasonings=4000 breasonings, which divided by 80 breasonings per A=50 As).  In this way, I prepared to be astonished in a film by writing that for 250 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As.


9.     I prepared to represent a prestigious University.  I did this by writing that for 2*250 As, I managed the Professor’s job application.  First, I observed the applicant write 250 80 breasoning As.  Second, I received the application for the job of Professor.  Third, I awarded the role of Professor to the applicant after writing 250 80 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to represent a prestigious University by writing that for 2*250 As, I managed the Professor’s job application.


10.   I prepared to represent a renowned University.  I did this by writing that for 250 A+s, I managed the Professor’s job application.  First, I observed the applicant write 250 130 breasoning As.  Second, I received the application for the job of Professor.  Third, I awarded the role of Professor to the applicant after writing 250 130 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to represent a renowned University by writing that for 250 A+s, I managed the Professor’s job application.


11.    I prepared to increase the breasoning count.  I did this by writing that for 250 100%s, I was given the value of 250 250 breasoning As.  First, I observed the meditator (philosophy student) breason out 250 130 breasoning As.  Second, I received word that the meditator had meditated (the philosophy student had written an essay).  Third, I breasoned out 250 250 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to increase the breasoning count by writing that for 250 100%s, I was given the value of 250 250 breasoning As.


12.   I prepared to represent a well-known University.  I did this by writing that for 2*250 A+s, I managed the Emeritus Professor’s job application.  First, I observed the applicant write 250 130 breasoning As.  Second, I received the application for the job of Emeritus Professor.  Third, I awarded the position of Emeritus Professor to the applicant after writing 250 130 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to represent a well-known University by writing that for 2*250 A+s, I managed the Emeritus Professor’s job application.


13.    I prepared to represent a regionally famous University.  I did this by writing that for 2*250 100%s, I managed the Universal Professor’s job application.  First, I observed the applicant write 250 190 breasoning As.  Second, I received the application for the job of Universal Professor.  Third, I awarded the appointment of Universal Professor to the applicant after writing 250 190 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to represent a well-known University by writing that for 2*250 100%s, I managed the Universal Professor’s job application.


14.   I prepared to found a University.  I did this by writing that for 250 2*250 breasoning As, as the yogi (University founder), I managed the Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) program.  First, I found a perfect sequin.  Second, I placed an identical perfect sequin beside it.  Third, I ate a salad sandwich.  In this way, I prepared to found a University by writing that for 250 2*250 breasoning As, as yogi (University founder), I managed the Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) program.  

15.   I prepared to have more breasonings.  I did this by writing that when breasonings are submitted, they go together and more are returned to each person.  First, the student submitted a breasoned out assignment to me.  Second, the students paraphrased the assignment.  Third, they wrote and breasoned out new breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to have more breasonings by writing that when breasonings are submitted, they go together and more are returned to each person.

16.   I prepared to argue for sales based on B-grade arguments against sales being prevented.  I did this by writing specific arguments for the returned values of breasonings.  First, I wrote breasonings.  Second, my student interpreted the breasonings.  Third, I interpreted the interpretation.  In this way, I prepared to argue for sales based on B-grade arguments against sales being prevented by writing specific arguments for the returned values of breasonings.

17.   I prepared to sell a product by delivering ideas.  I did this by appointing a focus group to discuss whether 5 As should be required as an investment to register for a Computational Education A Retrieval System.  First, I charged 5 As to store ideas in the basket.  Second, I stored a customer’s ideas in the basket.  Third, I expanded the 5 As into 50 As using crossing algorithms to use as a framework when delivering ideas.  In this way, I prepared to sell a product by delivering ideas by appointing a focus group to discuss whether 5 As should be required as an investment to register for a Computational Education A Retrieval System.

18.   I prepared to produce a breasoning.  I did this by calculating the cost to produce a breasoning.  First, I bought a seed for $1.  Second, I bought water for $2.  Third, I bought earth for $3.  In this way, I prepared to produce a breasoning by calculating the cost to produce a breasoning.

19.    I prepared to swap breasonings with a student.  I did this by calculating how many As/breasonings should be required to access the Computational Education A Retrieval System as a license fee.  First, I calculated the number of As/breasonings to be stored in the retrieval system.  Second, I set the rate at 1 breasoning per breasoning.  Third, I calculated the rate for 10 breasonings to be 10 breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to swap breasonings with a student by calculating how many As/breasonings should be required to access the Computational Education A Retrieval System as a license fee.

20.  I prepared to take off in life.  I did this by writing that As given for meditation should be a maximum of 1 week old, rather than be older (encouraging fast rather than slow work, respectively).  First, I spelt “swap” backwards as “paws”.  Second, I wrote how swapping is like back pawing because of learning what the future will require.  Third, I wrote that experience needed to produce my music video would require me to breason out 250 breasonings for each object I am in charge of on the screen as a VCA student producer.

21.   I prepared to calculate that degrees should be 3 years long for 24 As.  I did this by calculating how long should degrees be.  First, I considered the rewards of more rather than less work.  Second, I wanted more skills and money made.  Third, I discounted a faster degree, respectively.  In this way, I prepared to calculate that degrees should be 3 years long for 24 As by calculating how long should degrees be.

22.   I prepared to be successful at University.  I did this by writing that the Professor Algorithm should be included, giving students the educational outcomes they would like.  First, I ran the Professor algorithm.  Second, the students ran the Professor Algorithm.  Third, their breasonings deserved A grade.  In this way, I prepared to be successful at University by writing that the Professor Algorithm should be included, giving students the educational outcomes they would like.

23.   I prepared to recommend the examination of new developed things on Planet Earth.  I did this by writing that education should be a core subject, given the psychology of becoming a pedagogue.  First, I recommended the humanist pedagogy subject.  Second, I recommended that students write about humanities.  Third, I recommended that students write about science.  In this way, I prepared to recommend the examination of new developed things on Planet Earth by writing that education should be a core subject, given the psychology of becoming a pedagogue.

24.   I prepared to adopt a new perspective during my studies.  I did this by arguing that the length of degree to PhD should compensate for becoming a pedagogue.  First, I assessed one-A essays based on breasoned chapters in the degree. Second, I assessed 15-As essays based on breasoned chapters in Honours.  Third, I assessed a 50-As essay based on breasoned chapters in the PhD.  In this way, I prepared to adopt a new perspective during my studies by arguing that the length of degree to PhD should compensate for becoming a pedagogue.

25.  I prepared to study the reasons people became pedagogues.  I did this by examining the reasons and factors that future pedagogues studied education.  First, I identified the Education majors.  Second, I identified a reason they studied Education, to find a job.  Third, I identified a factor for this, aiming to write high quality thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to study the reasons people became pedagogues by examining the reasons and factors that future pedagogues studied education.

26.   I prepared to observe breasoning flow around the economy star.  I did this by stating that circles of breasonings, rather than circles of money should exist.  First, I inspired the spiral’s first point.  Second, I inspired the spiral’s first revolution.  Third, I inspired the spiral’s end point.  In this way, I prepared to observe breasoning flow around the economy star by stating that circles of breasonings, rather than circles of money should exist.

27.   I prepared to recognise the student’s mark.  I did this by testing whether a student had completed the professor algorithm arguments, one to the lecturer, and one from the lecturer.  First, I counted the number of breasonings in the argument given to the lecturer.  Second, I counted the number of breasonings in the argument given by the lecturer to the student.  Third, I verified that the number of breasonings in the argument given to the lecturer matched the number of breasonings in the argument given by the lecturer.  In this way, I prepared to recognise the student’s mark by testing whether a student had completed the professor algorithm arguments, one to the lecturer, and one from the lecturer.

28.   I prepared to write how many breasonings a student would need to breason out to receive the output from her jobs.  I did this by dividing the number of breasonings returned by the number of breasonings written by a student during his career.  First, I wrote that the number of breasonings returned was equal to those in 100 As.  Second, I wrote that the number of breasonings written by a student during his career was equal to those in 10 As.  Third, I divided the number of breasonings returned by the number of breasonings written by a student during his career, equaling 10, the factor of how many more breasonings had been given.  In this way, I prepared to write how many breasonings a student would need to breason out to receive the output from her jobs by dividing the number of breasonings returned by the number of breasonings written by a student during his career.

29.   I prepared to use the products.  I did this by importing products paid for in breasoning currency.  First, I agreed with the number of breasonings to supply in return for the products to be imported.  Second, I supplied this number of breasonings.  Third, I imported the products.  In this way, I prepared to use the products by importing products paid for in breasoning currency.

30.   I prepared to receive profit for my labor.  I did this by exporting products paid for in breasoning currency.  First, I manufactured the product.  Second, I observed the buyer breason out an argument for it.  Third, I exported the product to the buyer.  In this way, I prepared to receive profit for my labor by exporting products paid for in breasoning currency.

31.    I prepared to benefit in breasonings currency for iron ore.  I did this by setting up a school using the breasoning currency in a mining town.  First, I established a breasoning currency salary as pay for food and accommodation for teachers.  Second, I established a breasoning currency salary as pay to teachers for setting up the curriculum.  Third, I established a breasoning currency-paid job description flyer for new teachers.  In this way, I prepared to benefit in breasonings currency for iron ore by setting up a school using the breasoning currency in a mining town.

32.   I prepared to provide breasoned products and services in return for a customer breasoning out the product, when the customer is equal to a person who only has knowledge of how to breason out an idea (mentally measure on object’s X, Y and Z dimensions).  I did this by marketing pedagogy and meditation.  First, I paid a designer and writer to produce the marketing materials for pedagogy and meditation in breasonings-currency.  Second, I observed an audience member provide feedback about the marketing materials.  Third, I read the audience member’s feedback about the marketing materials.  In this way, I prepared to provide breasoned products and services in return for a customer breasoning out the product, when the customer is equal to a person who only has knowledge of how to breason out an idea (mentally measure on object’s X, Y and Z dimensions) by marketing pedagogy and meditation.

Uses for Money in Epistemology (Poetry)

1.     I prepared to prompt thought about a metaphor.  I did this by writing about poetic metaphors.  First, I wrote down the word “hope” first.  Second, I wrote down a metaphor for it, “crab”.  Third, I said this poetic metaphor out loud.  In this way, I prepared to prompt thought about a metaphor by writing about poetic metaphors.

2.    I prepared to build a profitable business model.  I did this by relating the self to the other in each sentence of my Economics thesis.  First, I wrote that the self and other relationship should be included in each sentence.  Second, I wrote that this relationship being included would support Economics.  Third, I wrote that one side of the relationship would be stronger, making money from the other side.  In this way, I prepared to build a profitable business model by relating the self to the other in each sentence of my Economics thesis.

3.     I prepared to give evidence for my theory.  I did this by writing real-world uses of my theory in each chapter.  First, I wrote the theory.  Second, I wrote the real world example of the theory.  Third, I wrote real world uses of my theory in each chapter.  In this way, I prepared to give evidence for my theory.  I did this by writing real-world uses of my theory in each chapter.

4.    I prepared to connect people with leaders through breasonings currency.  I did this by writing about my breasoning currency algorithms in the exposition of the Economic thesis chapter.  First, I wrote the breasoning currency-socialism algorithm that e.g. the people should check that the A threshold has been reached per public transport journey.  Second, I wrote the breasoning currency algorithm that the passenger’s community-related mental activities would be computed, because of the last passenger’s A-threshold point being accounted for.  Third, I wrote the breasoning currency-capitalism (investism, sic) algorithm that a given point (the driver) would check off that the process was professional.  In this way, I prepared to connect people with leaders through breasonings currency by writing about my breasoning currency algorithms in the exposition of the Economic thesis chapter.

5.    I prepared to make a correlation between interest in a stock and it’s share price.  I did this by discussing and making connections in my breasoning currency Economics thesis.  First, I counted the number of breasonings updated per stock.  Second, I calculated how much this had changed since the previous day.  Third, I calculated the new share market value change, from a particular change in the stock according to the difference between their value on their previous and current day.  In this way, I prepared to make a correlation between interest in a stock and it’s share price by discussing and making connections in my breasoning currency Economics thesis.

6.    I prepared to test the economic viability of the idea.  I did this by commenting on the breasoning currency algorithms in an economic sense.  First, I counted the number of breasonings made.  Second, I counted the number of breasonings spent.  Third, I calculated the profit made, the number of breasonings spent subtracted from the number of breasonings made.  In this way, I prepared to test the economic viability of the idea.  I did this by commenting on the breasoning currency algorithms in an economic sense.

7.    I prepared to state how to earn A grade.  I did this by stating that positivity is stronger than agreement in the creative philosophy essay-marking scheme, but that positivity should be agreed with.  First, I wrote an all-agreeing, all-positive essay.  Second, I was awarded A grade.  Third, I verified that the positive statement was agreed with.  In this way, I prepared to state how to earn A grade by stating that positivity is stronger than agreement in the creative philosophy essay-marking scheme, but that positivity should be agreed with.

8.    I prepared to realise positivity was completed by the author.  I did this by stating that creative philosophy essays should follow English’s award of A grade to positive, not necessarily agreeing essays, or in fact essays with > X breasonings, regardless of whether the essay is positive or negative, and in the first or second half.  First, I stated that the statement was agreed with regardless of whether it was positive or negative.  Second, I stated if the statement was negative, a positive seen-as version was optionally thought of for it.  Third, I stated that the essay was awarded A grade.  In this way, I prepared to realise positivity was completed by the author by stating that creative philosophy essays should follow English’s award of A grade to positive, not necessarily agreeing essays, or in fact essays with > X breasonings, regardless of whether the essay is positive or negative, and in the first or second half.

9.     I prepared to award A grade in return for 80 breasonings.  I did this by stating that university is based on agreement about standards.  First, I agreed on the standard.  Second, I placed it in the box.  Third, I told people to follow the standard.  In this way, I prepared to award A grade in return for 80 breasonings by stating that university is based on agreement about standards.

10.   I prepared to create heaven in the community.  I did this by writing that a lone writer could write a PhD.  First, I wrote that the writer could write (2*)50 As.  Second, I wrote that the writer wrote 10 breasonings per sentence.  Third, I wrote that the writer submitted the PhD to a University for marking.  In this way, I prepared to create heaven in the community by writing that a lone writer could write a PhD.

11.    I prepared to accredit the subjects as first-year subjects.  I did this by writing that the subjects were self-standing.  First, I verified that the subjects were first-year subjects.  Second, I verified that the subjects had no pre-requisites.  Third, I verified that the language in the subjects was understood to refer only to that subject.  In this way, I prepared to accredit the subjects as first-year subjects by writing that the subjects were self-standing.

12.   I prepared to assess the essay using humanist pedagogy.  I did this by stating the computational marking scheme meant that all the entries would be practised in reality.  First, I wrote down the object to be breasoned out.  Second, I provided a space to breason it out in.  Third, I repeated this for 80 breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to assess the essay using humanist pedagogy by stating the computational marking scheme meant that all the entries would be practised in reality.

13.    I prepared to receive As.  I did this by writing that the education system was a retrieval system for As.  First, I placed the breasoning assignments in the education system.  Second, the students completed the assignments.  Third, the teacher collected and marked the assignments.  In this way, I prepared to receive As. by writing that the education system was a retrieval system for As.

14.   I prepared to develop economic assets using breasoning currency.  I did this by relating monetary policy to breasoning currency.  First, I (the bank’s bank) made monetary policy to maintain low interest rates to help start business with breasoning currency.  Second, I made monetary policy to maintain low interest rates to help buy a car with breasoning currency.  Third, I made monetary policy to maintain low interest rates to help buy property with breasoning currency.  In this way, I prepared to develop economic assets using breasoning currency by relating monetary policy to breasoning currency.

15.   I prepared to break the complex product value into breasoning value thresholds, where these threshold value products are worth paying threshold for, and complex products are each worth a new threshold.  I did this by relating fiscal policy to breasoning currency.  First, I (the government) spent and charged taxes to reduce unemployment, where salaries are in breasoning currency.  Second, I spent and charged taxes to maintain low interest rates, to help buy in breasoning currency.  Third, I spent and charged taxes to reduce breasoning currency prices and increase economic growth, so threshold (A) in breasoning currency is met per product.  In this way, I prepared to break the complex product value into breasoning value thresholds, where these threshold value products are worth paying threshold for, and complex products are each worth a new threshold by relating fiscal policy to breasoning currency.

16.   I prepared to spend money for greater gain in another country when the share market price in another country decreased compared with the share market price in my country.  I did this by relating exchange rate to breasoning currency.  First, I calculated the share market value in breasoning currency of the first country.  Second, I calculated the share market value in breasoning currency of the second country.  Third, I calculated the exchange rate between their currencies to be the ratio of their share market values in breasoning currency.  In this way, I prepared to spend money for greater gain in another country when the share market price in another country decreased compared with the share market price in my country by relating exchange rate to breasoning currency.

17.   I prepared to trial my idea.  I did this by writing 23 3500-word chapters in the Economics thesis.  First, I wrote the literature review.  Second, I wrote the Economics analysis.  Third, I wrote more.  In this way, I prepared to trial my idea by writing 23 3500-word chapters in the Economics thesis.

18.   I prepared to find B (A) to each reason-breasoning to anchor myself to reality.  I did this by writing that for 1 breasonings, I was given the value of 10 breasonings.  First, I thought of a breasoning.  Second, I thought of a reason-breasoning for this breasoning.  Third, I repeated this until I had thought of 10 reason-breasonings for this breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to find B (A) to each reason-breasoning to anchor myself to reality by writing that for 1 breasonings, I was given the value of 10 breasonings.

19.    I prepared to expand 10 breasonings into 80 breasonings by indicating 80 breasonings breasoned out during a shift.  I did this by writing that for 10 breasonings, I was given the value of 80 breasonings.  First, I reduced 80 breasonings to 10 breasonings.  Second, I wrote 10 breasonings per sentence.  Third, I wrote 10 breasonings per sale.  In this way, I prepared to expand 10 breasonings into 80 breasonings by indicating 80 breasonings breasoned out during a shift by writing that for 10 breasonings, I was given the value of 80 breasonings.

20.  I prepared to manage editors of a writer’s viral blog entry.  I did this by writing that for 25 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I breasoned out 10 breasonings, replaceable with 80 breasonings, or 1 A.  Second, I breasoned out 10 breasonings, replaceable with 20 further As, for a total of 21 As.  Third, I breasoned out 4 breasonings, replaceable with 4 further As, for a total of 25 As, followed by breasoning out 1 breasoning, replaceable with 25 further As, for a grand total of 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to manage editors of a writer’s viral blog entry by writing that for 25 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As.

21.   I prepared to write the first instrumental part of my composition.  I did this by writing that for 50 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I wrote 50 breasonings and 200 non-specific breasonings for a tested hit song.  Second, I breasoned out the first line in the song.  Third, I repeated this for each line in the song, for each of 15 other lines representing the other 15 250-breasoning As, and differed in opinion from each breasoning to make sales.  In this way, I prepared to write the first instrumental part of my composition by writing that for 50 breasonings, I was given the value of 50 As. 

22.   I prepared to observe industry being professional.  I did this by writing that for 80 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 80 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.  First, the customer breasoned out 80 breasonings for her order.  Second, the employee breasoned out 80 breasonings for the order.  Third, the manager verified that the number of breasonings breasoned out by the customer was equal to the number of breasonings breasoned out by the employee.  In this way, I prepared to observe industry being professional by writing that for 80 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 80 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.

23.   I prepared to watch Universities working properly.  I did this by writing that for 130 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 130 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.  First, the student breasoned out 130 breasonings for his assignment.  Second, the lecturer breasoned out 130 breasonings for the mark equivalent to 130 breasonings.  Third, the manager verified that the number of breasonings breasoned out by the student was equal to the number of breasonings breasoned out by the teacher.  In this way, I prepared to watch Universities working properly by writing that for 130 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 130 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.

24.   I prepared to verify schools were maintaining proper function.  I did this by writing that for 190 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 190 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.  First, the Popology student breasoned out 80 breasonings for his assignment.  Second, the Popology teacher breasoned out 80 breasonings for the order.  Third, the manager verified that the number of breasonings breasoned out by the student was equal to the number of breasonings breasoned out by the teacher.  In this way, I prepared to verify schools were maintaining proper function by writing that for 190 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, I was given the value of 190 more breasonings, in other words, 1 A.

25.  I prepared to see the music producer’s customer satisfy professional standards.  I did this by writing that for 250 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, was given the value of 50 As.  First, the music producer’s customer breasoned out 250 breasonings before asking for a song to be produced.  Second, the music producer breasoned out 50 As about the music before producing the song.  In this way, I prepared to see the music producer’s customer satisfy professional standards by writing that for 250 breasonings, in other words, 1 A, was given the value of 50 As.

26.   I prepared to experience a high volume of traffic.  I did this by writing that for 5 As, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I breasoned out 5 As.  Second, I ran the virality algorithm.  Third, I was given 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to experience a high volume of traffic by writing that for 5 As, I was given the value of 50 As.

27.   I prepared to listen to reader feedback.  I did this by writing that for 10 As, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I breasoned out 10 As for my journal article.  Second, I breasoned out 40 business As.  Third, I summed the grand total of As to be 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to listen to reader feedback by writing that for 10 As, I was given the value of 50 As.

28.   I prepared to receive the bouquet of flowers on stage.  I did this by writing that for 15 As, I was given the value of 50 As.  First, I breasoned out 15 As to earn the lead role.  Second, I breasoned out the remaining 50 As.  Third, I sold the product (a recording of the production).  In this way, I prepared to receive the bouquet of flowers on stage by writing that for 15 As, I was given the value of 50 As.

29.   I prepared to advance to PhD.  I did this by writing that for 2*15 As, I was given the value of “Lecturer control of the Honours mark”.  First, I completed 15 As from my point of view, that of the student.  Second, I completed 15 As from the lecturer’s point of view.  Third, I earned 80% for the Honours assignment.  In this way, I prepared to advance to PhD by writing that for 2*15 As, I was given the value of “Lecturer control of the Honours mark”.

30.   I prepared to earn a higher income than other Honours students.  I did this by writing that for 15 90%s, I was given the value of the Scholarship.  First, I breasoned out 90%.  Second, I prepared to repeat breasoning out 90%.  Third, I repeated this a total of 15 times, to be awarded the Honours scholarship.  In this way, I prepared to earn a higher income than other Honours students by writing that for 15 90%s, I was given the value of the Scholarship.

31.    I prepared to write philosophical literature.  I did this by writing that for 15 100%s, I was given the value of Professor.  First, I breasoned out 100%.  Second, I prepared to repeat breasoning out 100%.  Third, I repeated this a total of 15 times, to be prepare to be a Professor.  In this way, I prepared to write philosophical literature by writing that for 15 100%s, I was given the value of Professor.

32.   *I did this by writing that for 2*15 90%s, I was given the value of a father helping a child earn a scholarship.  First, I completed 15 90%s from the child’s point of view.  Second, I completed 15 90%s from the lecturer’s point of view.  Third, I, a father, helped a child earn a scholarship, by earning 90% in an Honours assignment.

Uses for Money in Music

1.    I prepared to verify whether I needed to repair the concert object.  I did this by examining the concert object.  First, I brought the concert object to the concert.  Second, I unpacked it on stage.  Third, I used it to make music for the audience.  In this way, I prepared to verify whether I needed to repair the concert object by examining the concert object.

2.    I prepared to point to future research.  I did this by writing the science article.  First, I wrote that vaccination doesn’t cause autism.  Second, I sent it to the newspaper.  Third, I read it in the newspaper the next day.  In this way, I prepared to point to future research by writing the science article.

3.    I prepared to teach philosophy skills to University students.  I did this by writing the philosophy article.  First, I wrote research on psychiatry that As in Medicine at University protect one’s psychiatric health.  Second, I offered the major in Medicine.  Third, I protected the Medicine students’ health.  In this way, I prepared to teach philosophy skills to University students by writing the philosophy article.

4.    I prepared to relate Economics to Philosophy of Science.  I did this by teaching meditation (philosophy of science).  First, I wrote that the ancient Buddhists were skilled at University-style business.  Second, I wrote that the modern Lucianic Meditators were skilled at meditation (philosophy of science) and earning broadcast roles.  Third, I wrote that the future would bridge the ancients and moderns with Pedagogy (practising Lucianic Meditation’s sutra after training in the Buddhist sutra, i.e. both are good at each other’s skills with help from Pedagogy, including Lucianic Meditation business being based on Meritocracy, or Breasoning Currency).  In this way, I prepared to relate Economics to Philosophy of Science by teaching meditation (philosophy of science).

5.    I prepared to follow people.  I did this by following the tadpole.  First, I found the tadpole.  Second, I followed it.  Third, I stopped when it stopped.  In this way, I prepared to follow people by following the tadpole.

6.    I prepared to exert wisdom in public.  I did this by playing the Owl.  First, I loved the Owl.  Second, I wore his costume.  Third, I helped people understand the Owl by explaining his area of study.  In this way, I prepared to exert wisdom in public by playing the Owl.

7.    I prepared to wait until the computation had finished.  I did this by watching the progress bar (the moving diagonal lines).  First, I watched the first diagonal line move forward.  Second, I prepared to watch the next diagonal line move forward.  Third, I repeated this until I had watched all the diagonal lines move forward.  In this way, I prepared to wait until the computation had finished by watching the progress bar (the moving diagonal lines).

8.    I prepared to observe the child become a meditator.  I did this by stating that the meditator was born with 50 As.  First, the meditator’s father or mother wrote 50 As.  Second, they conceived the child.  Third, the child was born.  In this way, I prepared to observe the child become a meditator by stating that the meditator was born with 50 As.

9.    I prepared to read the “L” statement summarising the 50 As.  I did this by working out that the writer with a good track record of writing As wrote 50 As.  First, the writer obtained a good track record of writing As.  Second, she worked out how to relate these to 50 As.  Third, she wrote 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to read the “L” statement summarising the 50 As by working out that the writer with a good track record of writing As wrote 50 As.

10.    I prepared to demonstrate at the laboratory.  I did this by drawing diagrams for my Economics thesis.  First, I drew the diagram.  Second, I described it.  Third, I wrote how it worked.  In this way, I prepared to demonstrate at the laboratory by drawing diagrams for my Economics thesis.

11.    I prepared to write an argument.  I did this by writing reasonings for my Economics thesis.  First, I wrote the first quote down.  Second, I wrote the second quote down.  Third, I connected the two quotes.  In this way, I prepared to write an argument by writing reasonings for my Economics thesis.

12.    I prepared to continue with my post-doc.  I did this by preparing for pedagogical success in writing an Economics thesis.  First, I wrote an exposition and critique in the correct pedagogical format.  Second, I wrote the minimum As for the assignment.  Third, I attributed ten breasonings to each sentence.  In this way, I prepared to continue to my post-doc by preparing for pedagogical success in writing an Economics thesis. 

13.    I prepared to write my thesis.  I did this by writing 100 words per day, for a total of 80,000 words.  First, I wrote a maximum of 100 words per day.  Second, I paraphrased the rest of the 100 words per day.  Third, I wrote 100 breasonings per day.  In this way, I prepared to write my thesis by writing 100 words per day, for a total of 80,000 words.

14.    I prepared to observe the relation between money versus time variables.  I did this by writing the Economics equation.  First, I calculated the gradient, m, to equal rise/run, which equals (y2-y1)/(x2-x1), which equals (5-0)/(5-0), which equals 1.  Second, I calculated the intercept, c to equal y1-mx1, which equals 0-1*0, which equals 0.  Third, I wrote the equation y=1*x+0 or y=x.  In this way, I prepared to observe the relation between money versus time variables by writing the Economics equation.

15.    I prepared to verify sales separately using breasonings currency.  I did this by grouping my applied Pedagogy entries for a thesis about breasonings currency.  First, I formed a sales as breasonings currency group.  Second, I formed a marking as breasonings currency group.  Third, I formed a Lucianic Medical Psychiatry as breasonings currency group.  In this way, I prepared to verify sales separately using breasonings currency by grouping my applied Pedagogy entries for a thesis about breasonings currency.

16.    I prepared to lead my own country with breasonings currency as the currency.  I did this by grouping my company notes for a thesis about breasonings currency.  First, I taught in schools as breasonings currency.  Second, I taught in homes as breasonings currency.  Third, I taught at University as breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to lead my own country with breasonings currency as the currency by grouping my company notes for a thesis about breasonings currency.

17.    I prepared to tell the newspaper about my latest book.  I did this by collecting a high-quality comment about my Economics thesis.  First, I wrote my Economics thesis.  Second, I requested that a famous philosopher give a high-quality comment about my Economics thesis.  Third, I collected a high-quality comment about my Economics thesis.  In this way, I prepared to tell the newspaper about my latest book by collecting a high-quality comment about my Economics thesis.

18.    I prepared to symbolise the connection between two breasoning currency Bs (where instead of “I ate the apple”, which would be found in an A, a B would contain “I shouldn’t choke on the apple”) where each B would make a sale viable by encouraging buying, with a hand throwing away breasoning currency.  I did this by creating a breasoning currency simulation.  First, I paid for a breasoning service with breasoning currency.  Second, I received the breasoning service.  Third, others received the breasoning service in return for others paying for them.  In this way, I prepared to symbolise the connection between two breasoning currency Bs (where instead of “I ate the apple”, which would be found in an A, a B would contain “I shouldn’t choke on the apple”) where each B would make a sale viable by encouraging buying, with a hand throwing away breasoning currency by creating a breasoning currency simulation.

19.    I prepared to avoid crisis by making a profit.  I did this by verifying that the breasoning currency worked in an international setting.  First, I wrote the breasoning currency argument.  Second, I submitted it to a government translator/verifier.  Third, I used it in another country.  In this way, I prepared to avoid crisis by making a profit by verifying that the breasoning currency worked in an international setting.

20.    I prepared to employ an internal auditor to ensure that no money was going astray.  I did this by verifying the breasoning currency used by a non-profit organisation.  First, I spent some breasoning currency.  Second, I made more breasoning currency from products and services bought with it.  Third, I put this profit back into the non-profit organisation.  In this way, I prepared to employ an internal auditor to ensure that no money was going astray by verifying the breasoning currency used by a non-profit organisation.

21.    I prepared to ensure the product was handled in a high-quality manner.  I did this by verifying the quality of breasoning currency products.  First, I wrote the breasoning currency product.  Second, I verified the quality of the breasoning currency product.  Third, I reported it on a public forum.  In this way, I prepared to ensure the product was handled in a high-quality manner by verifying the quality of breasoning currency products.

22.    I prepared to verify that the objects in the topics of the arguments had been thought of clearly.  I did this by verifying the developed topics of the arguments.  First, I verified the developed topics of the first argument.  Second, I prepared to verify the developed topics of the next argument.  Third, I repeated this until I had verified the developed topics of all of the arguments.  In this way, I prepared to verify that the objects in the topics of the arguments had been thought of clearly by verifying the developed topics of the arguments.

23.    I prepared to write the grand equation.  I did this by connecting my arguments in the Economics thesis together.  First, I wrote the argument for the first equation part.  Second, I prepared to write the argument for the next equation part.  Third, I repeated this until I had written and connected the arguments for each equation part together.  In this way, I prepared to write the grand equation by connecting my arguments in the Economics thesis together.

24.    I prepared to confirm 80 breasonings maximum per day in meditation in breasonings currency.  I did this by writing about Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) in each sentence in a section of the Economics thesis.  First, I meditated to entrain myself in each department used in breasonings currency for that day.  Second, I undertook specific training in a philosophy department to be confirmed by meditation.  Third, I wrote the breasoning currency argument part.  In this way, I prepared to confirm 80 breasonings maximum per day in meditation in breasonings currency by writing about Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) in each sentence in a section of the Economics thesis.

25.    I prepared to write about the economics of society was benefitted through meditation.  I did this by connecting my blog entries together in the Economics thesis.  First, I wrote the breasonings in the robotic mind.  Second, I wrote 80 of these in pedagogy.  Third, I wrote about these in meditation.  In this way, I prepared to write about the economics of society was benefitted through meditation by connecting my blog entries together in the Economics thesis.

26.    I prepared to submit the book for publishing.  I did this by writing the Economics thesis well.  First, I wrote my Economics thesis.  Second, I proofread my thesis.  Third, I checked its punctuation and grammar.  In this way, I prepared to submit the book for publishing by writing the Economics thesis well.

27.    I prepared to watch people survive on the pedagogy (et al)-based system.  I did this by examining the moneyless (pedagogy-based) system.  First, I observed a group of volunteer breasoners form.  Second, I observed them make pedagogical currency.  Third, I looked at it enshrined in a library.  In this way, I prepared to watch people survive on the pedagogy (et al)-based system by examining the moneyless (pedagogy-based) system.

28.    I prepared to describe the process of making sales in the Economics thesis.  I did this by writing philosophy essays, with breasonings critiqued, in the Economics thesis.  First, I wrote the breasonings currency philosophy essay.  Second, I critiqued it.  Third, I sold [a product or service with] it.  In this way, I prepared to describe the process of making sales in the Economics thesis by writing philosophy essays, with breasonings critiqued, in the Economics thesis.

29.    I prepared to ensure perfect function in Medicine.  I did this by writing how products were given in return for As.  First, I observed that 10 Medicine As were transformed into the value of 50 As.  Second, I observed that this reminded the subject to breathe at a slow rate using his windpipe.  Third, I noticed that knowledge about Medicine translated into good health.  In this way, I prepared to ensure perfect function in Medicine by writing how products were given in return for As.

30.    I prepared to write how non-government entities prepared for government with breasonings currency by functioning well.  I did this by relating microeconomics to breasonings currency.  First, I wrote that the company functioned well with breasonings currency.  Second, I wrote that the individual functioned well with breasonings currency.  Third, I wrote that the individual visiting the company functioned well with breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to write how non-government entities prepared for government with breasonings currency by functioning well by relating microeconomics to breasonings currency.

31.    I prepared to organise world government liaison with government.  I did this by relating macroeconomics to breasonings currency.  First, I observed the government assign breasonings currency to government.  Second, I observed the government assign breasonings currency to health, industry and education.  Third, I observed the government assign breasonings currency to individuals.  In this way, I prepared to organise world government liaison with government by relating macroeconomics to breasonings currency.

32.    I prepared to write about what’s in it for me.  I did this by writing about Economics in each sentence in my Economics thesis about breasonings currency.  First, I found the amount that the product cost in breasonings currency.  Second, I found the amount of tax in breasonings currency for this product.  Third, I added the amount of tax to the amount that the product cost in breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to write about what’s in it for me by writing about Economics in each sentence in my Economics thesis about breasonings currency.

33.    I achieved the aim.  I controlled the vessel flow with the musical instrument.  I held the instrument.  Second, I played its note.  Third, I observed its effect.

34.    The whole note was paid for.  The holy (ideal) origin of evil (goodness) becomes the real apparent realm of impurity (purity) in lower (upper) Creation.  Even though (while) we give evil (good) good thoughts, it descends (ascends).  Nietzsche was imagined to think that we cannot (can) control that the bad (good) doesn’t become (becomes) part of the lower/ (upper) creation.  There is nothing on top.

35.    I knew God’s (the woman’s) ways before using money to create music.  I identified hating (identified) God (the person).  I saw her adders.  I saw her subtractors.  I hated (loved) both of them.

36.    I found a use for money (teaching finders).  I stated that if a thing exists, there is a use for money in music about it.  I found it.  I found music synthesising it (God or a person finding the others with the self and another).  I found money in the parts of the music.

37.    I experienced a change in the mood.  I described the use for money in musical Trimino Tetris.  Each trimino represented a particular instrument playing notes from a chord.  I found money-originating moods arising from certain combinations of instruments.  I found a use for the mood.

38.    I decrypted the composition by transposing it.  I wrote the use for money in musical encryption.  I wrote the note as a value.  I used (bought) it by adding one to it.  I wrote the value as a note.

39.    I made money from playing back music at the appropriate tempo, inversely proportional to the liquid’s viscosity.  Water Gravity-Lift Prolog allowed recursively finding chords in the chord progression.  I found the note in Prolog.  I found the next note of the chord in Prolog.  I found the chord progression of chords in Prolog.

40.    I connected the rhythm sticks through time, earning money.  The rhythm stick player struck the stick parallel to the XY and YZ planes and the stick parallel to the XY and XZ planes by moving the first stick to the second stick on a path parallel with the Z axis.  I noticed that the first stick was parallel to the Y-axis.  I noticed that the second stick was parallel to the X axis.  I noticed that when these 1 decimetre sticks were in a decimetre cube, they could be struck by movement of one of them through the Z axis.

Uses for Money in Fine Arts

1.     I prepared to experience heaven (bliss) on earth.  I did this by smelling the potpourri plant.  First, I held the potpourri plant.  Second, I lifted it to my nose.  Third, I smelt it.  In this way, I prepared to experience heaven (bliss) on earth by smelling the potpourri plant.

2.    I prepared to paint the dancer.  I did this by observing that the gymnast was made God (the mistress).  First, I observed the gymnast enter the hall.  Second, I observed the appointer enter the hall.  Third, I observed the gymnast being made God (the mistress).  In this way, I prepared to paint the dancer by observing that the gymnast was made God (the mistress).

3.     I prepared to observe the carpenter build the house.  I did this by observing the carpenter arranging her desk.  First, I observed her place the piece of wood on her desk.  Second, I observed her place the hammer on her desk.  Third, I observed her place the nail on her desk.  In this way, I prepared to observe the carpenter build the house by observing the carpenter arranging her desk.

4.    I prepared to listen to the harpist play the melody.  I did this by listening to the harpist sing the note.  First, I sat on the seat.  Second, I watched the harpist walk on stage.  Third, I listened to the harpist sing the note.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the harpist play the melody by listening to the harpist sing the note.

5.    I prepared to market in a department, showing University skills are generic across departments.  I did this by ensuring the marketing guru knew what he was talking about.  First, I wrote a research program as part of my tenure.  Second, I connected two perspectives.  Third, I made sure that everyone was happy, creating a University.  In this way, I prepared to market in a department, showing University skills are generic across departments by ensuring the marketing guru knew what he was talking about.

6.    I prepared to produce a fine arts production.  I did this by ensuring that the artist made money from a product.  First, I wrote 15 10 breasoning As per student.  Second, I wrote 5 10 breasoning As for a student’s student.  Third, I wrote 5 10 breasoning A for members of the audience.  In this way, I prepared to produce a fine arts production by ensuring that the artist made money from a product.

7.    I prepared to be interested in fine arts.  I did this by determining that the artist made money from creating art in another industry.  First, the artist earned a job as an artist in another industry.  Second, the artist produced art.  Third, the artist was paid.  In this way, I prepared to be interested in fine arts by determining that the artist made money from creating art in another industry.

8.    I prepared to receive what I liked.  I did this by observing that the chrysalis forming was a metaphor for the artist and her work.  First, she wrote vocational education and training versions of 10*80 breasoning major As.  Second, she worked on parts of the work.  Second, she completed the work.  In this way, I prepared to receive what I liked by observing that the chrysalis forming was a metaphor for the artist and her work.

9.     The sculptor prepared to record the happy person in sculpture.  The sculptor did this by cutting off the sculpture’s potbelly.  First, he wrote that the subject of the sculpture ate food as part of a diet to lose weight.  Second, he wrote that the subject lost weight.  Third, he sculpted the subject.  In this way, the sculptor prepared to record the happy person in sculpture by cutting off the sculpture’s potbelly.

10.   I prepared to detail the frieze.  I did this by cutting the japonica.  First, I walked to the japonica.  Second, I positioned the secateurs at the base of the japonica.  Third, I cut the japonica to press.  In this way, I prepared to detail the frieze by cutting the japonica.

11.    The university prepared to be famous by planning for the next cohort of students.  The university did this by breasoning out degrees of As in meditation (the body metaphor) for students in return for payment.  First, the university lecturer and student breasoned out an A each per assignment.  Second, the university lecturer and student breasoned out a degree of As.  Third, all the university lecturers and students breasoned out their degrees.  In this way, the university prepared to be famous by planning for the next cohort of students by breasoning out degrees of As in meditation (the body metaphor) for students in return for payment.

12.   I prepared to produce the relevant output.  I did this by writing a predicate in my algorithm to select the relevant part.  First, I selected an item at level n.  Second, I selected an item at level n+1.  Third, I selected an item at level n+2.  In this way, I prepared to produce the relevant output by writing a predicate in my algorithm to select the relevant part.

13.    I prepared to listen to the classic.  I did this by cleaning under my arm with spinach.  First, I wet the spinach leaf.  Second, I placed the spinach leaf under my arm.  Third, I cleaned under my arm with the spinach leaf.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the classic by cleaning under my arm with spinach.

14.   I prepared to reach the mountain summit.  I did this by climbing the mountain.  First, I made preparations.  Second, I found my kit.  Third, I climbed the mountain.  In this way, I prepared to reach the mountain summit by climbing the mountain.

15.   I prepared to submit the assignment.  I did this by performing a positive act on the graph.  First, I selected the x-range.  Second, I selected the y-range.  Third, I printed the graph.  In this way, I prepared to submit the assignment by performing a positive act on the graph.

16.   I prepared to be protected.  I did this by stating that I am close to God (the master).  First, I stood there.  Second, I observed God (the master) stand next to me.  Third, I knew that I was close to God (the master).  In this way, I prepared to be protected by stating that I am close to God (the master).

17.   I prepared to unconceal Heidegger’s heart.  I did this by picking up the acorn.  First, I saw the acorn.  Second, I picked it up.  Third, I concealed it.  In this way, I prepared to unconceal Heidegger’s heart by picking up the acorn.

18.   I prepared to convert money into electronic form.  I did this by breasoning out the money.  First, I counted that there was one coin.  Second, I breasoned out (thought of the x, y and z dimensions) of the money.  Third, I wrote down the amount of money from its volume.  In this way, I prepared to convert money into electronic form by breasoning out the money.

19.    I prepared to be happy.  I did this by holding you.  First, I found the man.  Second, I held the man.  Third, the police protected me.  In this way, I prepared to be happy by holding you.

20.  I prepared to eat out.  I did this by projecting a positive thought at myself.  First, I found a positive thought.  Second, I found myself in the mirror.  Third, I said, “It’s me” to myself.  In this way, I prepared to eat out by projecting a positive thought at myself.

21.   I prepared to write an algorithm that verified the sensory information about soccer scores.  I did this by labelling the new dendrite.  First, I found the source of information.  Second, I found a new input from it.  Third, I adjusted my result.  In this way, I prepared to write an algorithm that verified the sensory information about soccer scores by labelling the new dendrite.

22.   I prepared to connect two uses.  I did this by working on the brain.  First, I found the code of thoughts.  Second, I found the first use of the protein in brain computation.  Third, I found the second use of the protein in brain computation.  In this way, I prepared to connect two uses by working on the brain.

23.   I prepared to present the reply from the Queen’s Lady-in-Waiting at the school assembly.  I did this by writing to the Queen.  First, I wrote a letter.  Second, I sent it to the Queen.  Third, I received a letter in reply from the Queen’s Lady-in-Waiting.  In this way, I prepared to present the reply from the Queen’s Lady-in-Waiting at the school assembly by writing to the Queen.

24.   I prepared to help the child to an answer based on the first answer.  I did this by helping the child to the answer.  First, I found the child.  Second, I found the knowledge gap between the child’s knowledge and the answer.  Third, I explained the knowledge needed to fill this gap and the answer.  In this way, I prepared to help the child to an answer based on the first answer by helping the child to the answer.

25.  I prepared to check how the protein fitted into its environment.  I did this by discovering that the computational algorithm for the protein worked.  First, I chose the protein.  Second, I wrote a computational algorithm for the protein.  Third, I discovered that the computational algorithm for the protein worked.  I prepared to check how the protein fitted into its environment by discovering that the computational algorithm for the protein worked.

26.   I prepared to link the pieces of genetic code together.  I did this by discovering the genetic code in my way.  First, I discovered the first piece of genetic code.  Second, I prepared to discover the next piece of genetic code.  Third, I repeated this until I had discovered each piece of genetic code.  In this way, I prepared to link the pieces of genetic code together by discovering the genetic code in my way.

27.   I prepared to link the pieces of neurocode together.  I did this by discovering the neurocode in my way.  First, I discovered the first piece of neurocode.  Second, I prepared to discover the next piece of neurocode.  Third, I repeated this until I had discovered each piece of neurocode.  In this way, I prepared to link the pieces of genetic code together by discovering the neurocode in my way.

28.   I prepared to move on to the next exercise.  I did this by viewing the red dot.  First, I found the envelope.  Second, I removed the card with the red dot printed on it from the envelope.  Third, I viewed the red dot.  In this way, I prepared to move on to the next exercise by viewing the red dot.

29.   I prepared to go to heaven (the board room).  I did this by viewing the red dot again.  First, I walked up the hall.  Second, I opened the chest of drawers.  Third, I viewed the red dot again.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven (the board room) by viewing the red dot again.

30.   I prepared to connect writing on fine arts.  I did this by writing on fine arts.  First, I wrote a word.  Second, I composed a note about it.  Third, I painted a brush stroke.  In this way, I prepared to connect writing on fine arts by writing on fine arts.

31.    I prepared to connect body organs.  I did this by writing about medicine.  First, I researched medical types.  Second, I chose an object.  Third, I wrote about the stomach’s role in digestion.  In this way, I prepared to connect body organs by writing about medicine.

32.   I prepared to like you by using money in the same way as you.  I did this by writing in Economics.  First, I wrote about money.  Second, I wrote about people using the money.  Third, I wrote about objects they spent the money on.  In this way, I prepared to like you by using money in the same way as you by writing in Economics.

Breasonings Currency

1.     I prepared to test the person who I knew.  I did this by reading Plato’s statistics.  First, I read the company data.  Second, I analysed the data.  Third, I write the conclusion.  In this way, I prepared to test the person who I knew by reading Plato’s statistics.

2.    I prepared to say that breasonings currency is enough to be emotional about.  I did this by drawing the face on the paper plate.  First, I drew the eyes on the paper plate.  Second, I drew the nose on the paper plate.  Third, I drew the mouth the paper plate.  In this way, I prepared to say that breasonings currency is enough to be emotional about by drawing the face on the paper plate.

3.     I prepared to verify the reason that the breasoning currency was good.  I did this by setting the cup and saucer on the table.  First, I opened the conversation.  Second, I listened the reply.  Third, I concluded that the breasoning currency was good.  In this way, I prepared to verify the reason that the breasoning currency was good by setting the cup and saucer on the table.

4.    I prepared to verify that Plato may have liked breasoning currency because it provided up to and greater than 50 As of verification for purchases.  I did this by investigating whether Plato’s Academy existed.  First, I read the texts Plato wrote.  Second, I investigated the existence of the Academy pointed to by the texts.  Third, I found the reason for this.  In this way, I prepared to verify that Plato may have liked breasoning currency because it provided up to and greater than 50 As of verification for purchases by investigating whether Plato’s Academy existed.

5.    I prepared to weigh the male’s reasoning.  I did this by attesting that a male partner was necessary.  First, I tested the breasoning currency against meditation (philosophy) by providing one breasoning for each breasoning said.  Second, I tested the purchase against an A for myself, you and them.  Third, I found a critique for the breasoning currency.  In this way, I prepared to weigh the male’s reasoning by attesting that a male partner was necessary.

6.    I prepared to count the molecules.  I did this by eating the muesli.  First, I placed the sultanas in the bowl.  Second, I placed the bran in the bowl.  Third, I poured soy milk into the bowl.  In this way, I prepared to count the molecules by eating the muesli.

7.    I prepared to plan my business after I died, by writing a certain amount of breasoning currency but only spending enough.  I did this by loving N’ecritina (sic).  First, I saw death.  Second, I asked, “Is it not?”.  Third, I saw the woman.  In this way, I prepared to plan my business after I died, by writing a certain amount of breasoning currency but only spending enough by loving N’ecritina (sic).

8.    I prepared to verify the answer.  I did this by questioning the politician.  First, I wrote the question.  Second, I asked the politician the question.  Third, I listened to his reply.  In this way, I prepared to verify the answer by questioning the politician.

9.     I prepared to examine the enjoyment of the movie by a fictional audience.  I did this by agreeing with the universal movie.  First, I verified the cultural charm of the movie.  Second, I verified the possible translation of the line.  Third, I verified the appeal of the movie in the region.  In this way, I prepared to examine the enjoyment of the movie by a fictional audience by agreeing with the universal movie.

10.   I prepared to pay for marketing in breasoning currency.  I did this by advertising the apple.  First, I enjoyed the march.  Second, I enjoyed the parade.  Third, I enjoyed the sea.  In this way, I prepared to pay for marketing in breasoning currency by advertising the apple.

11.    I prepared to write that breasoning was a threshold unit in breasoning currency.  I did this by asking, What is “Breasoning currency?”.  First, I wrote breasoning in breasoning currency can be a noun.  Second, I wrote breasonings in breasonings currency can be a noun.  Third, I said it depended on the number.  In this way, I prepared to write that breasoning was a threshold unit in breasoning currency by asking, What is “Breasoning currency?”.

12.   I prepared to state that love endured.  I did this by stating that the person loved his relative.  First, I stated the value in breasoning currency in the relationship between the person and his relative.  Second, I stated the value in breasoning currency in the relationship between the person and his other relative.  Third, I stated the value in breasoning currency in the relationship between his relative and the other relative.  In this way, I prepared to state that love endured by stating that the person loved his relative.

13.    I prepared to attribute breasoning currency to universal coincidences.  I did this by reading the lucky heart.  First, I opened the lucky heart book.  Second, I stated the heart was good because of cardiovascular activity.  Third, I enjoyed walking to the bus stop every morning.  In this way, I prepared to attribute breasoning currency to universal coincidences by reading the lucky heart.

14.   I prepared to be high quality in agreement with the original reason in the end.  I did this by writing the 250 breasoning antidigressing A.  First, I wrote the reason.  Second, I wrote the objection to (reason for) the reason.  Third, I wrote the rebuttal to (reason for) the objection (reason).  In this way, I prepared to be high quality in agreement with the original reason in the end by writing the 250 breasoning antidigressing A.

15.   I prepared to play the character.  I did this by holding the character.  First, I was chosen as the actor.  Second, I held the model of the character.  Third, I commented that his teeth were clean.  In this way, I prepared to play the character by holding the character.

16.   I prepared to sleep again.  I did this by honking the horn.  First, I found the man.  Second, I honked the horn.  Third, I went to sleep.  In this way, I prepared to sleep again by honking the horn.

17.   I prepared to go to bed with idemic fever.  I did this by seizing the day.  First, I helped the handmade corduroy specialist bake with the oven.  Second, I helped Malibu return to normal.  Third, I sped up and went off.  In this way, I prepared to go to bed with idemic fever by seizing the day.

18.   I prepared to make gay love to you.  I did this by writing that I am free.  First, I wrote I loved you.  Second, I died helping make up messences (sic).  Third, I desired you.  In this way, I prepared to make gay love to you by writing that I am free.

19.    I prepared to protect the wallabies.  I did this by passing environmental laws.  First, I found the environment.  Second, I protected it.  Third, I stated that this was good.  In this way, I prepared to protect the wallabies by passing environmental laws.

20.  I prepared to protect the enimals.  I did this by establishing animal breeding programs.  First, I loved enimals (sic) (animals that would survive).  Second, I loved wallabies.  Third, I loved other fauna.  In this way, I prepared to protect the enimals by establishing animal breeding programs.

21.   I prepared to examine every single language.  I did this by teaching living and dead languages.  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked myself.  Third, I liked everyone.  In this way, I prepared to examine every single language by teaching living and dead languages.

22.   I prepared to make more profit.  I did this by undertaking Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) business training (to help with how to meditate (write)).  First, I knew how to meditate (write).  Second, I helped with it.  Third, I verified this using spreadsheets.  In this way, I prepared to make more profit by undertaking Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) business training (to help with how to meditate (write)).

23.   I prepared to understand when a child could spell.  I did this by studying education, in particular that primary students should be observed to transition to mentally break down words into syllables.  First, I tested whether the student could do this each month.  Second, I repeated this until the student could do this.  Third, I wrote down the student’s year level at this point.  In this way, I prepared to understand when a child could spell by studying education, in particular that primary students should be observed to transition to mentally break down words into syllables.

24.   I prepared to be protected by God (the master).  I did this by having legal advice about the Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) legal structure.  First, I made the first level the director.  Second, I made the second level the board.  Third, I made the third level the staff.  In this way, I prepared to be protected by God (the master) by having legal advice about the Lucianic Meditation (philosophy) legal structure.

25.  I prepared to give an A to the student.  I did this by writing on psychiatry.  First, I prevented hallucinations.  Second, I prevented depression.  Third, I prevented mental breakdowns.  In this way, I prepared to give an A to the student by writing on psychiatry.

26.   I prepared to meditate (write) on philosophy.  I did this by writing a philosophy meditation (word).  First, I wrote the philosophy utterance-summarised argument (argument).  Second, I wrote the utterance (word).  Third, I said the utterance (word).  In this way, I prepared to meditate (write) on philosophy by writing a philosophy meditation (word).

27.   I prepared to give the people time in jail.  I did this by stating that the person is a prisoner.  First, I saw the prisoner.  Second, I saw that he was like himself.  Third, I gave him asylum and others security by doing this.  In this way, I prepared to give the people time in jail by stating that the person is a prisoner.

28.   I prepared to think clearly.  I did this by making it with Pedagogy.  First, I wrote the manuscript.  Second, I typed it.  Third, I breasoned it out, earning the grade.  In this way, I prepared to think clearly by making it with Pedagogy.

29.   I prepared to verify that the function of the named object was necessary with breasoning currency (verifying by writing a breasoned out argument) when purchasing.  I did this by stating that Plato is likely to have breasoned it out.  First, I read the inscription that some claimed was above the door to Plato’s Academy “Let only geometers enter here”.  Second, I deduced that geometers was likely to have referred to pedagogical breasoners.  Third, I deduced from Plato’s name enduring that he was likely to have been a breasoner.  In this way, I prepared to verify that the function of the named object was necessary with breasoning currency (verifying by writing a breasoned out argument) when purchasing by stating that Plato is likely to have breasoned it out.

30.   I prepared to examined the creation of the gem.  I did this by examining the play of forces.  First, I embraced you.  Second, I embraced God.  Third, I embraced me.  In this way, I prepared to examined the creation of the gem by examining the play of forces.

31.    I prepared to observe you touching the hand of God (the master) looking at me.  I did this by contacting the sublime.  First, I thought of you with the artwork.  Second, I thought of God (the master).  Third, I thought of me holding the cup second artwork.  In this way, I prepared to observe you touching the hand of God (the master) looking at me by contacting the sublime.

32.   I prepared to like how you looked.  I did this by switching to “Yes, I like you”.  First, I found you.  Second, I found the switch.  Third, I liked you by switching the switch on.  In this way, I prepared to like how you looked by switching to “Yes, I like you”.

33.   I prepared to like construct artwork.  I did this by switching to “No, I like you”.  First, I found the person.  Second, I saw the button.  Third, I liked you by pressing the button.  In this way, I prepared to like construct artwork by switching to “No, I like you”.

34.   I prepared to like you and me with everyone.  I did this by saying that everyone was friendly with everyone else.  First, I liked you, my friend.  Second, I liked myself.  Third, I liked everyone else.  In this way, I prepared to like you and me with everyone by saying that everyone was friendly with everyone else.

35.   I prepared to start preparing for the next tea party.  I did this by working out the past part of the verb.  First, I saw the cups and saucers on the table.  Second, I saw that they were empty.  Third, I worked out that the tea party had ended.  In this way, I prepared to start preparing for the next tea party by working out the past part of the verb.

36.   I prepared to read with the class.  I did this by working out the imperfect part of the verb.  First, I picked up the book.  Second, I said I liked to read it.  Third, I put the book on the shelf.  In this way, I prepared to read with the class by working out the imperfect part of the verb.

37.   I prepared to say that this is the present.  I did this by working out the present part of the verb.  First, I stated that I like John.  Second, I stated that I like me.  Third, I stated that I like the state.  In this way, I prepared to say that this is the present by working out the present part of the verb.

38.   I prepared to like a person by being like a first person (that person) by exploring him.  I did this by working out the future part of the verb.  First, I stated that with will be like like.  Second, I liked it.  Third, I liked you, another person.  In this way, I prepared to like a person by being like a first person (that person) by exploring him by working out the future part of the verb.

39.   I prepared to play the fact game.  I did this by working out the indicative mood of the verb.  First, I stated that I would state a fact.  Second, I pointed to the hat with the pointer.  Third, I stated that the hat is a hat.  In this way, I prepared to play the fact game by working out the indicative mood of the verb.

40.  I prepared to be peaceful.  I did this by working out the subjunctive mood of the verb.  First, I stated that I would state the command.  Second, I commanded the parade marchers, “March”.  Third, I watched them march.  In this way, I prepared to be peaceful by working out the subjunctive mood of the verb.

41.   I prepared to encourage peace.  I did this by working out the imperative mood of the verb.  First, I stated that I would state the hypothetical statement.  Second, I stated, What if there was a Peace Castle.  Third, I built the Peace Castle.  In this way, I prepared to encourage peace by working out the imperative mood of the verb.

42.   I prepared to calculate that the closest child would play a minimum of 15 metres away.  I did this by working out the infinitive mood of the verb.  First, I stated that I would state that the person to do .  Second, I stated that I must do the first breasoning currency calculation, which was that I swung on the swing with the t-shirt 0.1-1.5 metres above the ground.  Third, I calculated that my sister would swing on the swing 1 m to my left.  In this way, I prepared to calculate that the closest child would play a minimum of 15 metres away by working out the infinitive mood of the verb.

Marketing for LM to Siva

1.    The meditator recommended meditation (philosophy) to her friend.  The meditator (philosopher) enjoyed meditation.  She sat in the chair.  She repeated the mantra (word).  She gave the feedback that she enjoyed it.

2.    I had a nap under a blanket.  I found the LM (comfort) folder.  I adjusted the environment.  I adjusted the ergonomics.  I thought the mantra (the utterance).

3.    I networked with the other employees.  I ordered catering.  I organised the location.  I organised the food.  I organised the condiments.

4.    I tested the acoustics.  I chose an appropriate location.  I chose calm lights.  I chose heaters.  I chose comfortable furniture.

5.    There were more ideas in the light.  I observed the light.  I lit the instructor.  I described how I learnt meditation (philosophy writing).  I benefited in health, wealth and wisdom from meditation (creativity).

6.    I thought of something else.  I played the video.  I recorded the video.  I played the video.  I collected feedback on the video.

7.    I checked the room was safe.  I turned on the heat.  I prepared the room by first turning on heat 10 minutes before use.  I prepared the seats.  I prepared the cushions.

8.    I stated my reasons for my unique sales proposition.  I had a unique sales proposition.  I had more knowledge of the inner workings of meditation (the text).  I wrote about pranayama (breathing).  I wrote about soma (stomach comfort).

9.    I thanked the teacher.  I felt relaxed.  I relaxed my jaw.  I relaxed my neck.  I relaxed my shoulders.

10.    I felt like it.  I felt refreshed.  My heart rate decreased.  My breathing rate decreased.  I felt like more.

11.    I rolled my head around on my shoulders.  I relaxed my body.  I stimulated my heart.  I relaxed my lungs.  I rolled my shoulders.

12.    I drank the water.  I relaxed my mind.  I went up.  I performed less work than not.  I had a holiday.

13.    I lived a long and happy life.  I was healthy.  I ate vegetarian food.  I exercised.  I had a social life.

14.    I ascended in the organisation.  I was wise.  I was critical (and cognizant, or had knowledge or awareness).  I was knowledgeable.  I knew the other.

15.    The class meditated (played) for twenty minutes.  The teacher prepared the meditation (philosophy) class.  He taught the mantra (word).  He instructed the class to let the mantra (name) come to them.  He instructed them to repeat it for a few minutes at a time silently.

16.    The thoughts were nice too.  The meditators (thinkers) sloughed off thoughts while they relaxed.  As their thoughts became finer and finer as the mantra (art) became finer and finer, their thoughts became nicer.  The thoughts were about nourishing food.  The food tasted delicious.

17.    I noticed that the customer bought when she wanted the product, and I was courteous.  I thought that the algorithm thought of while meditating (thinking) was useful.  I thought that the first condition was true.  I thought that the second condition was true.  I thought that the conditional was true.

18.    The particular customer wanted a particular algorithm.  I chunked my meditations (thoughts) as logical examples, or propositions.  I designed the product.  I manufactured the product.  I delivered the product.

19.    I was more productive after meditation (thought) than not.  I recorded my production after I meditated (thought).  I wrote the script.  I filmed the production.  I post-produced it.

20.    I wrote to you about my talk.  I talked after meditation (writing).  I recognised the audience.  I recognised what they wanted.  I said it to them.

21.    The meditator (stick) taught his student meditation (the process).  The meditator (philosopher) meditated (wrote) every day.  The meditator (writer) wrote a list of daily tasks.  He woke up in the morning.  He meditated (answered questions).

22.    The meditator (thinker) accessed the thought that was part of the sequence.  The meditator (pedagogue) connected thoughts.  The meditator (pedagogue) wrote down the first thought.  He wrote down the second thought.  He connected them together.

23.    The meditator performed the job.  The meditator (business lady) met the person.  She shook his hand.  She asked what the training requirements were.  She fulfilled the training requirements.

24.    The meditator (societologist) was always right.  The meditator (societologist) was right.  He thought of the thought.  He decided that it was right.  He wrote it down.

25.    The meditator (musician) felt happy.  The student studied medicine before becoming a meditator (artist).  The trainer wrote and itemised the ideas in the medicine course.  He placed the ideas in the system.  The student paid for the medicine course before becoming a meditator.

26.    I completed meditation (writing) for the day.  I counted the meditation (philosophy) utterances.  I started at 0.  As I said each utterance, I counted it.  I stopped at the desired value.

27.    I wrote the comment on the comment.  I commented on the idea after meditation (writing).  After meditation (writing) I listened to the idea said by the speaker.  I wrote my comment on the card.  I handed the card to the speaker.

28.    I verified the writing.  I wrote about the idea after meditation.  I read the idea after I meditated (wrote).  I thought of the thought about the idea.  I wrote this idea down.

29.    I remembered everything.  I remembered the idea after meditation (writing).  I wrote the idea.  I memorised it.  I remembered this later.

30.    The meditator (painter) tested the icon on the computer.  The meditator (painter) painted the icon.  The meditator (painter) drew the design.  He filled the regions.  He painted the features.

31.    I helped many people.  I increased my longevity.   I meditated (knew knowledge).  I drank the water.  I avoided stress (stayed peaceful).

32.    I increased my grade average.  I increased my brain potential.  I meditated (composed).  I increased the number of thoughts that I thought of.  I increased my brain potential.

33.    I increased my quality of life.  I decreased stress (increased calmness).  I avoided stressful things (thought of calm things).  I avoided stressful people (I thought of calm people).  I avoided stressful places (I thought of calm places).

34.    I ran the business.  Meditation (writing) led to higher quality thoughts.  Meditation (writing) led to teaching.  Meditation (writing) led to management.  Meditation (writing) led to better thoughts.

35.    I led group meditation (pencil sharpening).  I invited the student to group meditation (drawing class).  I determined that the student wanted to come.  I invited him.  I checked his name off on the guest list.

36.    I invited the students to group meditation and conducted it again.  I conducted a group meditation (art class).  The group made themselves comfortable.  The group relaxed for the period of time.  The group came out of meditation (art class) at the end.

37.    Your wish is my command.  I collected the feedback on group meditation.  I thought of the comment.  I collected it.  I collated the comments.

38.    I adjusted the heat if necessary.  I collected the comment on the heat.  The heat on the head was enough.  The heat on the body was enough.  The heat on the feet was enough.

39.    I bought another light.  I collected the comment on the light.  I made sure that the light in the street was light enough.  I made sure that the light at the entrance was light enough.  I made sure that the light in the room was light enough.

40.    I taste tested the food.  I collected the comment on the food.  I collected the comment on the broth.  I collected the comment on the barley.  I collected the comment on the vegetables.

41.    I meditated with the meditator (anthropologist).  I stated that the meditator (philosopher) was present.  I saw him.  He saw me.  We hugged.

42.    I recorded the meditation (comments).  The meditator (nature metaphorist) wanted meditation.  He saw the nature.  He saw the metaphor.  He meditated on it.

43.    Many had meditated (taught).  I determined that LM (pedagogy) was marketing itself.  LM (medicine) was there.  It (the employees) marketed itself.  The people came and viewed it.

44.    LM was Lucianic Meditation (LP was Lucianic Philosophy).  LM (sport) was breasoned out (worked).  The mantra (word) was the start.  The mantra (utterance) was the middle.  The mantra (syllable set) was the end.

45.    The people included everyone.  Gays were welcome to LM (humanism).  The gays found out about LM (computing).  The gays came to LM (mathematics).  The gays meditated (wrote creative philosophy).

46.    I found that breasonings (books) were the grail.  I travelled to LM (head medicine).  I found LM (the destination) on the map.  I travelled towards it.  I reached it.

47.    I thanked the host.  I tasted LM (the vegan cheeseburger).  I attended group meditation (the games).  I contributed part of the meal.  I tasted the meal.

48.    I determined that the concert had been a success.  I smelled LM (the vegan ham sandwich).  I found the clothes.  I washed them with detergent.  I wore the jumper to meditation (the concert).

49.    I marketed happiness.  I stated that the two switches were LM (thought) and medicine.  I meditated (wrote).  I studied medicine.  I was happy.

50.    I said that pedagogy was necessary.  I stated that pedagogy supported meditation (discussion) and medicine.  Pedagogy supported meditation (acting).  Pedagogy supported medicine.  I wrote on pedagogy.

Breasonings Currency 2-6 (there is no 1)

2.

1 forward*
1. I prepared to cover my thoughts about the product or service.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency are arguments that pay for the product or service.  First, I thought of an intelligent reason to buy the product or service.  Second, I wrote it down.  Third, I wrote an algorithm for it.
2. I prepared to write the perfect algorithm.  I did this by predicting that breasoning currency had a legal component.  First, I wrote the application.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I stated that it was the currency.
3. I prepared to state that the algorithm was the breasoning currency.  I did this by applying breasoning currency to interest rates.  First, I wrote the algorithm writing algorithm.  Second, I noticed the interest rates rise.  Third, I noticed the transformation into an advanced civilisation.
4. I prepared to state that others bought more with breasoning currency.  I did this by applying breasoning currency to lending rates.  First, I bought more with breasoning currency.  Second, I observed that there was increased income.  Third, I observed that the lending rates decreased with economic growth.
5. I prepared to value parts of the country's culture.  I did this by stating that there were different breasoning currencies in different countries.  First, I observed that different numbers of a product were valued as one unit according to different numbers in supply.  Second, I found the breasoning currency in Australia.  Third, I found the breasoning currency in Argentina.
6. I prepared to write about the product's philosophy.  I did this by paying in breasoning currency.  First, I obtained the product.  Second, I valued the product.  Third, I paid in breasoning currency.
7. I prepared to make breasoning currency.  The subject did this by paying me in breasoning currency.  First, he requested the medical device.  Second, I thought of its value.  Third, I charged him in breasoning currency.
8. I prepared to market the eggplant.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency is a set of arguments to pay for a product or service.  First, I found the vegetable.  Second, I thought of its argument.  Third, I labelled its price.
9. I prepared to update the argument.  I did this by noticing breasoning currency arguments in culture.  First, I noticed a breasoning currency argument was associated with the painting .  Second, I noticed it was maintained.  Third, I noticed the points it was sold.
10. I prepared to sell or keep the artwork.  I did this by noticing breasoning currency verification in culture.  First, I noticed the labelled breasoning currency.  Second, I noticed the valued breasoning currency.  Third, I noticed the difference in breasoning currency.

3.

1. I prepared to plan my breasoning reading and writing systems.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency would remain in use.  First, I noticed that breasoning currency was proportional to the product's value.  Second, I noticed that each employee contributed breasonings to the price.  Third, I noticed that morale and productivity increased.
2. I prepared to study computer science and philosophy.  I did this by training for breasoning currency.  First, I wrote an interpreter algorithm.  Second, I wrote an algorithm induction algorithm.  Third, I wrote a mind reader to generate breasoning algorithms.
3. I prepared to finish by generating 50 As of algorithms.  I did this by writing 50 As for training.  First, I enrolled in the class.  Second, I penned a shortlist of ideas that interested me in the course.  Third, I wrote my List Prolog command wishlist in terms of previous commands.
4. I prepared to aim for a single discovery.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency is like the universe.  First, I found the person liking the natural phenomenon.  Second, I found her inspiration.  Third, I found how the universe contained a single list of breasonings about phenomena.
5. I prepared to find the mission interesting.  I did this by observing the philanthropist donating breasoning currency.  First, I checked the company's mission statement.  Second, I found products that aligned with it.  Third, I donated breasonings that explained why the product met the mission statement.
6. I prepared to teach myself computer science.  I did this by thinking of a worm argument connecting the breasoning currency argument to the second product's breasoning currency argument.  First, I looked ahead at what was necessary in the future.  Second, I reached threshold for the first argument and second argument.  Third, I reached threshold for the worm argument.
7. I prepared to make long term breasoning currency investments.  I did this by stating the government bank maintained breasoning currency.  First, I argued that breasoning currency was non-subjective because it used standard means to argue for products.  Second, in the case that it was subjective, the bank would allow leeway for selling price according to philosophy generated about the product.  Third, the bank awarded higher interest rates for saved breasoning currency.
8. I prepared to invest breasoning currency in investments in the sales.  I did this by stating that the spiritual bot maintained the sales argument.  First, we all had to complete the computer science assignment to program the bot.  Second, the skill to program the bot was to find out what the customer was saying.  Third, I requested that three students seek training in three disciplines to prepare for sales.
9. I prepared to win roles, win products and sales education.  I did this by stating that the computational bot maintained the sales argument.  First, I went ahead of schedule and found the last desired product before the possible sale time.  Second, I wrote an algorithm and argument supporting the sale.  Third, I found how the sale supported breasoning currency.
10. I prepared to write a secondary text for selling.  I did this by \"bending\" (thinking of) new reasons when reselling a product.  First, I thought of the reason.  Second, I thought of preventing it going non-well for a customer.  Third, I liked the positive function.

4.

1. I prepared to offer the best service.  I did this by choosing the best product or service.  First, I found the product with the most simply written breasoning currency.  Second, I found the product with the most general designed breasoning currency.  Third, I found the product with the most concise designed breasoning currency.
2. I prepared to use the products at the appropriate rate.  I did this by choosing the best sequence of products and services.  First, I chose the best first item.  Second, I chose the best second item.  Third, I verified that the second item could follow the first item.
3. I prepared to prevent the assassination.  I did this by observing people prevent World War 3 with breasoning currency.  First, I found that promiscuity had a higher incidence of war.  Second, I encouraged monogamy.  Third, I drafted the education policy budget in breasoning currency.
4. I prepared to increase value with breasoning currency.  I did this by stating that shrewd people chose breasoning currency.  First, I stated that shrewd people chose property because of breasoning currency.  Second, I stated that shrewd people chose medicine because of breasoning currency.  Third, I stated that shrewd people chose business because of breasoning currency.
5. I prepared to buy products that had greater value.  I did this by desiring the products that I saw.  First, I summarised the product's breasoning currency exposition.  Second, I wrote the product's breasoning currency critique.  Third, I wrote about possible future research about the product in terms of breasoning currency.
6. I prepared to develop a customised solution to save breasoning currency.  I did this by finding the provider of the best products and services.  First, I found the best product.  Second, I found the cheapest product.  Third, I found the free product.
7. I prepared to write breasoning currency for using the product with an exit action in mind.  I did this by continuing to want the product.  First, I wrote breasoning currency to test that the product was still functioning properly.  Second, I wrote breasoning currency for needing the product.  Third, I wrote
breasoning currency for needing the product until an expected date.
8. I prepared to make the product available to the customer in terms of breasoning currency.  I did this by stating that the buyer knew the business.  First, I stated that the buyer knew where the product was available in terms of breasoning currency.  Second, I stated that the buyer knew when the product was available in terms of breasoning currency.  Third, I stated that the buyer knew how the product worked in terms of breasoning currency.
9. I prepared to develop products for customers with the help of staff in terms of breasoning currency.  I did this by knowing the business.  First, I knew the staff.  Second, I knew the products.  Third, I knew the customers.
10. I prepared to simulate the product.  I did this by blessing the product or service.  First, I found that the product was generally useful.  Second, I found that the product was seen as secularly appealing.  Third, I found that the product connected with spirituality.

5.

1. I prepared to sell with what the customer wanted and high quality thoughts.  I did this by correcting (ensuring positive function) with breasoning currency.  First, I reached the top.  Second, the people voted for me.  Third, I aligned with my character.
2. I prepared to sell the building blocks way to write the algorithm.  I did this by attracting people with breasoning currency.  First, I found their idea.  Second, I found their specification.  Third, I found their algorithm.
3. I prepared to look after sub-dependents with breasoning currency.  I did this by looking after my dependent with breasoning currency.  First, I wrote the reason for the idea.  Second, I wrote the algorithm for the new feature.  Third, I discussed them with my students.
4. I prepared to act randomly.  I did this by stating that the dependent (he/she/they) were there with breasoning currency.  First, I wrote gender neutral breasoning currency.  Second, I found that disagreement was nothing.  Third, I found the industry afterwards.
5. I prepared to do more.  I did this by stating that I wanted the dependent (he/she/they) with breasoning currency.  First, I wanted the sweet.  Second, I wanted the rod.  Third, I wanted the void.
6. I prepared to be God.  I did this by recommending the product sold for breasoning currency.  First, I wanted you.  Second, I wanted your seances.  Third, I wanted more.
7. I prepared to state that it was compatible with veganism.  I did this by stating that consumers bought chains of products leading to increased profits being reported by newspapers.  First, I liked you.  Second, I liked your products.  Third, I ate the olive whole.
8. I prepared to want you.  I did this by transported the self with breasoning currency.  First, I found you.  Second, I transported, you half.  Third, I loved it.

9. I prepared to transport with love.  I did this by transporting the other with breasoning currency.  First, I found it.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I loved everyone.
10. I prepared to argue against idealism.  I did this by stating the breasoning (the self) was connected with currency (the other).  First, the other was instantiated.  Second, I verified the other.  Second, breasoning currency was real.

6.

1. I prepared to find pedagogy.  I did this by stating that the business model, was constructed with breasoning currency in mind.  First, I found union in Upasana.  Second, I found meditation came from it.  Third, I found medicine came from it.
2. I prepared to want you.  I did this by achieving my goal in business.  First, I employed a method to breason out the appearance of the goal.  Second, I employed a method to breason out the inductive process.  Third, I employed a method to breason out the automatic learning process.
3. I prepared to want religion.  I did this by stating that the breasonings were influenced by and protected by religion.  First, I nuted (sic) them.  Second, I loved them.  Third, I want you.
4. I prepared to include religion in society.  I did this by stating that business needed meditation because of religion influencing breasoning currency.  First, I found religion.  Second, I found what you wanted.  Third, I gave it to you.
5. I prepared to design you a new boat.  I did this by observing religion/divinity on Earth because of religion influencing breasoning currency.  First, I loved you.  Second, I wanted you.  Third, you are good.
6. I prepared to build love.  I did this by orally delivering the breasoning currency influenced by religion.  First, I found you. Second, I found it.  Third, I found everything.
7. I prepared to state that breasoning was to the other as currency was to Earth.  (As Earth gives to me, breasoning guides me.)  I did this by stating that I was with the other on planet Earth.  First, I was with you.  Second, I painted you.  Third, I increased mouthing off in childhood.
8. I prepared to accept the fifty areas of study standard.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency was influenced by society.  First, I noted that the universal pension problem was solved.  Second, I steered away from drugs.  Third, I observed society give and breasoning currency found.
9. I prepared to go with it.  I did this by stating that breasoning currency was influenced by (clique) politics x pedocracy (breasoningocracy).  First, I love you (I got it).  Second, I love it (you like it).  Third, I love everything too (we like everyone in it).
10. I prepared to know you.  I did this by verifying breasoning currency.  First, I found it.  Second, I loved it.  Third, I laughed with the subject with it."]