Popology 2

The person sees everything as a positive thing.

RR on NC on PR on RD
34. Everything should be positive in the multiverse. I don't like the multiverses much because we can't access upper, lower or lateral ones. We could understand the science of other universes by simulating them. What if there are mistakes, or good thoughts instead, in the universes of other planets.  Maybe we can join together, look on and simulate them too? What if only brains are conscious, and experience is subjective, and the whole universe is simulated? I am happy to have known you too.
RD on NC on RD
35. Why doesn't everything go upside down? Gravity causes them to stop the right way up. Why is gravity transparent?  It is constant. What is gravity for? It allows us to develop and stay with the planet. Why doesn't everything fall in? Because gravity is only a certain amount. Why doesn't everything whirl around?  Because there is attraction with the surface.
RD on NC on PR on ND
36. Why are people everything? What do ontologies have to do with the multiverse? They keep the people happy. They help link things up. Why is happy positive?
MO on NC on RD
37. Everything in the human realm can be positive. Why is the train's path human-determined? It refers to human-made and human-controlled objects. What about humans? They are both human-made and human-controlled. What about cases of lack of control of humans, rather, these objects, by humans. They would start again, pick the sieve up from the floor. What about idealism if errors can occur? It is what we're based on.
MO on NC on PR on RD
38. Everyone can be divine. How will a plant grow?  It is like a train having carriages added to it. In the train, or tree of the multiverse, couldn't a scientist explore science more than a scientist in a parent universe? Why isn't this Lucianic Medicine everywhere? What about Lucianic Meditation?
AM on NC on RD
39. Everyone has what they want. Why is everyone everything? Everyone can help with inanimate objects.  Everyone is happy.  Everyone is good.
AM on NC on PR on RD
40. If everything is represented in text, then it is positive. I think language is the most important aspect in "Everything is seen as a positive thing". Positive language stands alone. It is an independent idea. There are non-monotonicities in realism. It can be connected with other ideas.
MN on NC on RD
41. I prefer physicalism to realism, idealism. What is so intelligent about the simulation?  I ate food. I listened to music.
RR on RD
42. What is the use for a positive thing? What is around positivity or solving all things? What will solve it? How is it good? What will come of it?
RR on PR on RD
43. The Medicine B is that all levels are good. I don't mind 50 As firming up positivity. The postive answer was aimed at by changing the question's ontology. The human animal agreed. I prevented unwanted thoughts by using the medical not and bolt (detailed end of the quantum switch process).
MN on NC on PR on RD
43.1 Can't we have exactness in induction? We should return the positive ontologies being about people. Ontology is how they find it. Ontology is how they know it. Ontology is how they do it.
NC on RR on RD
44. Which of the two items does "use" refer to? Is t quantum formula finder? Is it quantum program finder? Is it quantum essay writer?
NC on RR on PR on RD
45. All levels are seen as being positive levels. I want to agree with all levels being positive. I know the level. I know the item number. I know the item.
RD on RR on RD
46. The quantum algorithms are seen as being positive. I confirm that Green correctly described the quantum algorithms. The qubits entangle (link to) another qubit. Two qubits are chosen. A chain of qubits satisfying the question is found.
RD on RR on PR on RD
47. The ontologies of all levels were seen as a positive thing. Fifty As firm up positivity. Why does a positive answer lead to all levels? Human animals do exist. I just didn't think of an unwanted thought.
MO on RR on RD
48. I like the seen-as use. What all this seen-as business? I like the seen-as-ness. I like the seen as positivity. I like the seen-as solving.
MO on RR on PR on RD
49. I observed the seen-as quantum switch. I observed the seen-as 50 As. I observed the seen-as ontology. I observed the seen-as humans. I observed the seen-as animals.
AM on RR on RD
50. Everything is seen as a positive thing for me. I endorse positive things. I endorse the relating of them. I endorse turntables. I like the other.
AM on RR on PR on RD
51. Medicine is seen as a positive thing. I endorse medicine with you. I endorse the sun. Nietzsche helps me. I wrote about Nietzsche.
MN on RR on RD
52. I completed 50 As for each side degree for undergraduate, Master's and PhD. Forward movement is the positive direction. I found the goal. I moved towards it. I achieved it.
MN on RR on PR on RD
53. Meditation required medicine. I noticed psychology. I noticed that all levels were good. I noticed the seen-as version. I noticed that it was good too.
MO on RD
54. All values in all cells of the Venn diagram were positive. I completed the gay propositional universe programming about the train. I found the existent. I found the necessary. I did not need the possible.
MO on PR on RD
55. I augmented reality to positive medicine. I used spiritual medicine. I had 50 As for positivity. I had spiritul medicine for the other. I wrote about positive terms having As.
NC on MO on RD.
56. Quality is better than knowing or feeling. Propositions may be like ontology and structure. They are like them by necessary theories. They can be. I agree with propositions. I agree with ontologies.
NC on MO on PR on RD
57. Spiritual medicine is Popology. Ontologies are propositions. There is ontological popology. There is propositional popology. There is ontological popology. Ontology should be propositions.
RR on MO on RD
58. Head of state should be positive. We want propositional universe programming to be good. Morals should allow for future science, where propositions indicate morals. Popological scientists observe the phenomenon, then research how it works. The object is named by the phenomenon.
RR on MO on PR on RD
59. I found the verifiers. There should be an A for taking over the world. I found the army. I found the scientists to help with it. I found the people to take over the people.
RD on MO on RD
60. It is the best ever. The Head will take over the world. The self will be central in it. They will do pedagogy. The rest will include meditation and medicine.
RD on MO on PR on RD
61. They should still do it. They should do it because it is definitive and they want it. They will record it. They will accept people who want to do it and study it. It is good for them. They will overcome blocks to doing it.
AM on MO on RD
62. Babies cry because of recordings. Propositional universe programming is indicated by babies. I like a large enough quantity of it. It should be easy. They should feel confident to do it. The baby can't help fall asleep.
AM on MO on PR on RD
63. Breason out meditation too. Specific pedagogical medicine and specific pedagogical treatment stops crying. Think of medicine. I agree with the treatment. Apply them.
MN on MO RD
64. I wrote the computational law game. Law was tested correctedness (sic). I prefer functionalism, or propositions to ontologies. What's necessary and possible? Law is. 
MN on MO on PR on RD
65. I think it doesn't matter as long as people don't find fault with citations. Solving negatively is a reason for positivity. I prefer positivity to negativity. Positivity is the reason. I solve negativity to keep negativity out. I don't like it solved too clearly in case there are little things coming from them. Positive things come from the positive thoughts. The self knows thoughts now.
AM on RD
66. It is about everything being seen as a positive thing. Regarding the train metaphor, I want to remain to be them. I want to hitch onto my own ideas. I hitch onto others' ideas about mine. The main idea is that I can do any idea I want to, for example, writing. If the children have problems, they can have specific help when they need it.
AM on PR on RD
67. The mindmap is everything. I can mindmap. I can think. I can clear it up. I checked it.
NC on AM on RD
68. I need other people. It is about the self's moment.  This is not intended. Non-being or miscarriage is solved with a blessing of conception by a breasonings chapter being thought of. The neurotoxicity purge in te weekly regiment will work. So, no more psychiatric medication will be needed for the self.
NC on AM on PR on RD
69. The uses for pedagogy are astounding. These ways of thinking are relevant. This interdisciplinary area of study can return. For example, it is pedagogy. We can have it back.
RR on AM on RD
70. And economics, education and the area of study itself should return. I need to hitch onto journalism. I need to hitch onto acting. I need to hitch onto creative writing. I need to hitch onto these for professor.
RR on AM on PR on RD
71. Everything should be seen as a positive thing with a positive reason as well.  The object is between the future and past tense. I agreed with the head of the men. I know these departments will work. The point is people being interested in the self, symbolising Pedagogy and other high quality thoughts and everything else. The point of all these things that appear is that everyone should read everyone's texts and then everything will be all right.
RD on AM on RD
72. Societal pedagogy is correct at the moment. This positivity business is a positivity chapter when all of it could be positive, and it is. And I know you are positive and I am too. I concur. It is good.
RD on AM on PR on RD
73. People are trying to ensure that head and non-head are positive. Earth was foretold by ancient prophets. People may start again. I like it. I like the other.
MO on AM on RD
74. Sentences are checked by essay writer's program finder. Everyone should have their own academy. I can write down ideas. I can sew them into arguments. I know they are right.
MO on AM on PR on RD
75. I touched up the presentation. I updated  the program finder with new ontologies. I wrote the program graphics finder to display text boxes and models. I selected the clearer image using the graphics finder. I wrote the similar sentence with different algorithm finder.
MN on AM on RD
76. The train metaphor is a good thing. I agree with the train. I agree with each of the connections. I agree with the carriages. It runs on time.
MN on RD
77. The parser is good. The train parsed the sentence. I parsed the verb. I parsed the subject. I parsed the object.
MN on PR on RD
78. The mathematical parser is good. The train parsed the mathematical sentence. I parsed the first number. I parsed the plus sign. I parsed the second number.
NC on MN on RD
79. The parser relates to the topic. Writing the sentence matters. Everything is positive. The sentence is not written a priori, a posteriori, but a présent, meaning it is the event. That is correct. Writing can help act. LG: In this case, there is no other act. That is the point. People are not codes. LG: Computers can computationally check everything, all combinations. NC: They don't need to because philosophy is based on human lives.
NC on MN on PR on RD
80. To the other everything is computers, to me everything is people. What do you mean people could be replaced. It is impossible because we need something to compare things with. The other requires it too. I like computers. LG: Both are positive. However, there is a paradox of where to start. The computer cannot respond to trauma. You like them.
 








