["Green, L 2022, <i>POPOLOGY</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Popology

The person sees everything as a positive thing.

NC Noam Chomsky
RR Richard Rorty
RD Richard Dawkins
MO Michel Onfray
AM Alexius Meinong
MN Martha Nussbaum
PR Press Release

AM on MO on NC
1. I prepared to write about how the robot would discover science. I corrected the systematic error (I wrote the idea) by the belief in science. There should be safety. The robot should remain correct and correct errors. People should go around errors (stay on the positive path) in science. 
People should circumnavigate robot beliefs (stay on the positive path).
AM on MO on PR on NC
2. I saw the result of the copula as positive. It was positive, so I didn't have to do it. I corrected everything to be positive constructions in science and multiplied their use of them. I shaded in meaning by categorising words on the positive or negative axis. I typed the positive breasoning as working.
MN on MO on NC
3. The plant was helpful (non-toxic). All plants are positive. It was correct that the seeds had the same effect. Also, it was good that the leaf had the effect. Finally, it was positive that the pounder had the desired result.
MN on MO on PR on NC
4. Exposition was helpful. The critique was helpful. Reading was all positive as a result of the copula. Also, thinking was all positive as a result of the copula. Finally, being was all positive as a result of the copula.
AM on NC
5. The institution worked. The way around errors is positive until corrected. Then, the non-positive thought disappeared while a positive one remained. I did this by performing the job task. Finally, I served the job.
AM on PR on NC
6. Positivity is robots discovering science. People have positive relations in space, so everything is seen as positive. Learning is learning from positivity (from the robot discovering science). Unity from liberation is positivity from robots discovering science (following head of state). Avoiding health problems (maintaining health and happiness) is positivity from robots discovering science.
NC on AM on NC
7. There should be equality in gender pedagogies. The people and I agree with the institution working. Cosmology (represented by the group) brought positivity to discovering science (gender equality). I agree with sexuality working.
NC on AM on PR on NC
8. Positivity is more logical. Why is everything seen as positive from AM on PR on NC because it is positively functional? It has positive terms, like the discovery which it has. It is part of a positive sentence, which it has discovered. I used the sentence positively, which it has found. Positive functionalism discovers positive science.
RR on AM on NC
9. I found how people could be useful. I want to solve and agree with all their points. As a result, I moved up. I moved forward. I achieved the goal. I prepared to replace others when needed.
RR on AM on PR on NC
10. If something is missing, there is recovery time. Nodes are why the objects are needed to recover, and I think of a good reason. I agree that harmlessness is right. I am already thinking of it. About this, I am already right. Harmlessness can sustain us.
RD on AM on NC
11. The subject is positive because it exists. If not done properly and remain otherwise, the actual thing to remove may be flawed, negating the need to keep it. The object won't disappear (will remain) if there is another argument. The product maintains safety. I will keep the object if it works. The counter-argument is that I will keep the object if it uses products.
RD on AM on PR on NC
12. All in a state of being can be positive. The well-known meeting in everything can be positive. The prerequisite faith and faith can be positive. Stillness in everything can be positive. All relations in space can be positive.
MO on AM on NC
13. Everything liking in science can be positive. Everything in science can be positive (not else). In the rule of freedom, everything can be positive because the robot discovers it to be. As the self is positive, the robot is in science. As the other is positive, the robot is in science.
MO on AM on PR on NC
14. Everyone agrees with positivity and discovers science and self-preservation. Everyone agrees with self-preservation (agrees with positivity) when discovering science. Everyone agrees with happiness, of which positivity is a small part, which everyone can apply to science. The self likes the other in a positive way as a way of discovering science. I agree with positive likeness.
MN on AM on NC
15. I agree with positive nothingness. The robot discovered science in which everything can be positive. Positivism is necessary. The robot discovered science, in which everything can be possible. The robot discovered science, which resolves everything.
MN on AM on PR on NC
16. I agree with people and science. Positivity is robots discovering popology. However, discovering things is science. Popology is the science of people. People as against objects are the subject of popology.
MN on NC
17. I programmed the program finder. Pedagogy is possible with robots. First, I found where the result was. Then I found the way to return it. Finally, I computed it at top level.
MN on PR on NC
18. I will do it safely. What about green space? I suggest economic uses. People will do everything this requires on our planet. It works.
NC on MN on NC
19. The person is safe and happy because of thinking about a positive synthesis of results. Pedagogy has nothing to do with popology (pedagogy enables our simulation and the program finder makes results available to us in a spiritual form that we can detect). I trust pedagogy, about which it is possible to receive results in the simulation. I trust popology (the person is positively able to work because he hasn't fallen in a hole). I trust societology (the setting is safe for society).
NC on MN on PR on NC
20. What's the point of popology? Safety is popologically interesting. For example, the person should simulate space in the simulation. I determined the initial point. Then, the person should simulate time in the simulation. Finally, I determined the safe path between the two points.
RR on MN on NC
21. The person transcribed the speech. Can everything be positive when receiving results in the simulation? All the person's thoughts are positive because of the configuration of results, for example, asking people to stop teasing to prevent a headache (remain on a comfortable path). I avoided unwell people (stayed on a positive path). 
Unwell people should be taken care of (by healthy people). So I avoided places where people were sick (visited healthy people).
RR on MN on PR on NC
22. What is this breasonings menace (groups of arguments of breasonings help access levels of consciousness)? Space is more valuable than popology (existence is useful by itself). Space is positive. Positive nothingness is part of popology. Why is positive nothingness part of popology (people contain levels of consciousness)?
RD on MN on NC
23. What is an example of a positive experiment (everything is part of a positive meditation experiment)?. 
What is the relevance to science (people see everything as a positive thing to use as a basis for science, which the robot discovers)? What is the relevance to arts (philosophy of science counting axioms, human knowledge and decisions)? What is relevant to the education institution (it provides accreditation and research)? Finally, what is the relevance to the world (positivity means the world will function adequately)?
RD on MN on PR on NC
24. I am happy (I have arguments for each item that makes me happy). Why do I have to go to space (I will simulate it)? It is philosophy (true, not false, that everything can be a positive thing). Can Lucianic doctors practise without full degrees (the medicine people can breason out the degree and practise the daily regimen to remain skilled)? Why is that part relevant - everything (the people's feelings) can be positive (happy).
MO on MN on NC
25. The bringer is closer to the creator. People should bracket finite breasonings in the simulation, like agreeing with a positive idea. Finite data associated with results is enough. A friend brings the result. Another friend goes through the result with me.
MO on MN on PR on NC
26. There was harmony in space. The space robots should take care of us as people should. What if something is missing (I fill everything in)? 
Everything in the green space can be positive. Everything that I was aware of in the simulation was positive.
AM on MN on NC
27. The subordinate helped the leader. A parent is firstly responsible for the intelligence of the child. The self is responsible for the intelligence of the self. 
The self traversed the maze. The self used green equipment.
AM on MN on PR on NC
28. I thought of space as clearly starting with the self. People should critically solve everything. Beginning with the self, everyone should be medically healthy.    I avoided the charging bull (walked in safety). I avoided the animal pulling me over with its cord (I walked around the edge).
RD on RD
29. What is the train metaphor? Why is everything positive? What is so positive about physics (everything is positive in the physics simulation)? 
What is so positive about physics laws? 
Why is the simulation positive?
RD on PR on RD
30. Why is medicine returning to positive - isn't that criticality's job? What do you think about the philosophical reasons? What about ontologies? Also, what about criticality? What about medicine?
NC on RD
31. There should be positive ontologies/multiverse (good thoughts). I like the ontologies. What if there is a mistake about the train? What if there is a mistake about the passenger? What if there is a mistake about the carried object?
NC on PR on RD
32. What if realism goes wrong (functions well)? The train's path is human-determined. There is action-reaction in the train carriage connection hooks. Everyone travels in groups.
RR on NC on RD
33. Why is everything computer science?  Gravity is transparent.  What is the purpose of all this business - the train as a metaphor for everything?  What is the point of there being no people on these computer-science metaphor trains?  Why is there a print-out of the train data structure on the train seat?  It is untenable (the people are positive objects on the food program train).


"]