["Green, L 2022, <i>POPOLOGY</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"The person sees everything as a positive thing

NC Noam Chomsky
RR Richard Rorty
RD Richard Dawkins
MO Michel Onfray
AM Alexius Meinong
MN Martha Nussbaum
PR Press Release

AM on MO on NC
1. I prepared to write about how the robot would discover science. I corrected the systematic error (I wrote the idea) by the belief in science. There should be safety. The robot should remain correct and correct errors. People should go around errors (stay on the positive path) in science. 
People should circumnavigate robot beliefs (stay on the positive path).
AM on MO on PR on NC
2. I saw the result of the copula as positive. It was positive, so I didn't have to do it. I corrected everything to be positive constructions in science and multiplied their use of them. I shaded in meaning by categorising words on the positive or negative axis. I typed the positive breasoning as working.
MN on MO on NC
3. The plant was helpful (non-toxic). All plants are positive. It was correct that the seeds had the same effect. Also, it was good that the leaf had the effect. Finally, it was positive that the pounder had the desired result.
MN on MO on PR on NC
4. Exposition was helpful. The critique was helpful. Reading was all positive as a result of the copula. Also, thinking was all positive as a result of the copula. Finally, being was all positive as a result of the copula.
AM on NC
5. The institution worked. The way around errors is positive until corrected. Then, the non-positive thought disappeared while a positive one remained. I did this by performing the job task. Finally, I served the job.
AM on PR on NC
6. Positivity is robots discovering science. People have positive relations in space, so everything is seen as positive. Learning is learning from positivity (from the robot discovering science). Unity from liberation is positivity from robots discovering science (following head of state). Avoiding health problems (maintaining health and happiness) is positivity from robots discovering science.
NC on AM on NC
7. There should be equality in gender pedagogies. The people and I agree with the institution working. Cosmology (represented by the group) brought positivity to discovering science (gender equality). I agree with sexuality working.
NC on AM on PR on NC
8. Positivity is more logical. Why is everything seen as positive from AM on PR on NC because it is positively functional? It has positive terms, like the discovery which it has. It is part of a positive sentence, which it has discovered. I used the sentence positively, which it has found. Positive functionalism discovers positive science.
RR on AM on NC
9. I found how people could be useful. I want to solve and agree with all their points. As a result, I moved up. I moved forward. I achieved the goal. I prepared to replace others when needed.
RR on AM on PR on NC
10. If something is missing, there is recovery time. Nodes are why the objects are needed to recover, and I think of a good reason. I agree that harmlessness is right. I am already thinking of it. About this, I am already right. Harmlessness can sustain us.
RD on AM on NC
11. The subject is positive because it exists. If not done properly and remain otherwise, the actual thing to remove may be flawed, negating the need to keep it. The object won't disappear (will remain) if there is another argument. The product maintains safety. I will keep the object if it works. The counter-argument is that I will keep the object if it uses products.
RD on AM on PR on NC
12. All in a state of being can be positive. The well-known meeting in everything can be positive. The prerequisite faith and faith can be positive. Stillness in everything can be positive. All relations in space can be positive.
MO on AM on NC
13. Everything liking in science can be positive. Everything in science can be positive (not else). In the rule of freedom, everything can be positive because the robot discovers it to be. As the self is positive, the robot is in science. As the other is positive, the robot is in science.
MO on AM on PR on NC
14. Everyone agrees with positivity and discovers science and self-preservation. Everyone agrees with self-preservation (agrees with positivity) when discovering science. Everyone agrees with happiness, of which positivity is a small part, which everyone can apply to science. The self likes the other in a positive way as a way of discovering science. I agree with positive likeness.
MN on AM on NC
15. I agree with positive nothingness. The robot discovered science in which everything can be positive. Positivism is necessary. The robot discovered science, in which everything can be possible. The robot discovered science, which resolves everything.
MN on AM on PR on NC
16. I agree with people and science. Positivity is robots discovering popology. However, discovering things is science. Popology is the science of people. People as against objects are the subject of popology.
MN on NC
17. I programmed the program finder. Pedagogy is possible with robots. First, I found where the result was. Then I found the way to return it. Finally, I computed it at top level.
MN on PR on NC
18. I will do it safely. What about green space? I suggest economic uses. People will do everything this requires on our planet. It works.
NC on MN on NC
19. The person is safe and happy because of thinking about a positive synthesis of results. Pedagogy has nothing to do with popology (pedagogy enables our simulation and the program finder makes results available to us in a spiritual form that we can detect). I trust pedagogy, about which it is possible to receive results in the simulation. I trust popology (the person is positively able to work because he hasn't fallen in a hole). I trust societology (the setting is safe for society).
NC on MN on PR on NC
20. What's the point of popology? Safety is popologically interesting. For example, the person should simulate space in the simulation. I determined the initial point. Then, the person should simulate time in the simulation. Finally, I determined the safe path between the two points.
RR on MN on NC
21. The person transcribed the speech. Can everything be positive when receiving results in the simulation? All the person's thoughts are positive because of the configuration of results, for example, asking people to stop teasing to prevent a headache (remain on a comfortable path). I avoided unwell people (stayed on a positive path). 
Unwell people should be taken care of (by healthy people). So I avoided places where people were sick (visited healthy people).
RR on MN on PR on NC
22. What is this breasonings menace (groups of arguments of breasonings help access levels of consciousness)? Space is more valuable than popology (existence is useful by itself). Space is positive. Positive nothingness is part of popology. Why is positive nothingness part of popology (people contain levels of consciousness)?
RD on MN on NC
23. What is an example of a positive experiment (everything is part of a positive meditation experiment)?. 
What is the relevance to science (people see everything as a positive thing to use as a basis for science, which the robot discovers)? What is the relevance to arts (philosophy of science counting axioms, human knowledge and decisions)? What is relevant to the education institution (it provides accreditation and research)? Finally, what is the relevance to the world (positivity means the world will function adequately)?
RD on MN on PR on NC
24. I am happy (I have arguments for each item that makes me happy). Why do I have to go to space (I will simulate it)? It is philosophy (true, not false, that everything can be a positive thing). Can Lucianic doctors practise without full degrees (the medicine people can breason out the degree and practise the daily regimen to remain skilled)? Why is that part relevant - everything (the people's feelings) can be positive (happy).
MO on MN on NC
25. The bringer is closer to the creator. People should bracket finite breasonings in the simulation, like agreeing with a positive idea. Finite data associated with results is enough. A friend brings the result. Another friend goes through the result with me.
MO on MN on PR on NC
26. There was harmony in space. The space robots should take care of us as people should. What if something is missing (I fill everything in)? 
Everything in the green space can be positive. Everything that I was aware of in the simulation was positive.
AM on MN on NC
27. The subordinate helped the leader. A parent is firstly responsible for the intelligence of the child. The self is responsible for the intelligence of the self. 
The self traversed the maze. The self used green equipment.
AM on MN on PR on NC
28. I thought of space as clearly starting with the self. People should critically solve everything. Beginning with the self, everyone should be medically healthy.    I avoided the charging bull (walked in safety). I avoided the animal pulling me over with its cord (I walked around the edge).
RD on RD
29. What is the train metaphor? Why is everything positive? What is so positive about physics (everything is positive in the physics simulation)? 
What is so positive about physics laws? 
Why is the simulation positive?
RD on PR on RD
30. Why is medicine returning to positive - isn't that criticality's job? What do you think about the philosophical reasons? What about ontologies? Also, what about criticality? What about medicine?
NC on RD
31. There should be positive ontologies/multiverse (good thoughts). I like the ontologies. What if there is a mistake about the train? What if there is a mistake about the passenger? What if there is a mistake about the carried object?
NC on PR on RD
32. What if realism goes wrong (functions well)? The train's path is human-determined. There is action-reaction in the train carriage connection hooks. Everyone travels in groups.
RR on NC on RD
33. Why is everything computer science?  Gravity is transparent.  What is the purpose of all this business - the train as a metaphor for everything?  What is the point of there being no people on these computer-science metaphor trains?  Why is there a print-out of the train data structure on the train seat?  It is untenable (the people are positive objects on the food program train).

RR on NC on PR on RD
34. Everything should be positive in the multiverse. I don't like the multiverses much because we can't access upper, lower or lateral ones. We could understand the science of other universes by simulating them. What if there are mistakes, or good thoughts instead, in the universes of other planets.  Maybe we can join together, look on and simulate them too? What if only brains are conscious, and experience is subjective, and the whole universe is simulated? I am happy to have known you too.
RD on NC on RD
35. Why doesn't everything go upside down? Gravity causes them to stop the right way up. Why is gravity transparent?  It is constant. What is gravity for? It allows us to develop and stay with the planet. Why doesn't everything fall in? Because gravity is only a certain amount. Why doesn't everything whirl around?  Because there is attraction with the surface.
RD on NC on PR on ND
36. Why are people everything? What do ontologies have to do with the multiverse? They keep the people happy. They help link things up. Why is happy positive?
MO on NC on RD
37. Everything in the human realm can be positive. Why is the train's path human-determined? It refers to human-made and human-controlled objects. What about humans? They are both human-made and human-controlled. What about cases of lack of control of humans, rather, these objects, by humans. They would start again, pick the sieve up from the floor. What about idealism if errors can occur? It is what we're based on.
MO on NC on PR on RD
38. Everyone can be divine. How will a plant grow?  It is like a train having carriages added to it. In the train, or tree of the multiverse, couldn't a scientist explore science more than a scientist in a parent universe? Why isn't this Lucianic Medicine everywhere? What about Lucianic Meditation?
AM on NC on RD
39. Everyone has what they want. Why is everyone everything? Everyone can help with inanimate objects.  Everyone is happy.  Everyone is good.
AM on NC on PR on RD
40. If everything is represented in text, then it is positive. I think language is the most important aspect in \"Everything is seen as a positive thing\". Positive language stands alone. It is an independent idea. There are non-monotonicities in realism. It can be connected with other ideas.
MN on NC on RD
41. I prefer physicalism to realism, idealism. What is so intelligent about the simulation?  I ate food. I listened to music.
RR on RD
42. What is the use for a positive thing? What is around positivity or solving all things? What will solve it? How is it good? What will come of it?
RR on PR on RD
43. The Medicine B is that all levels are good. I don't mind 50 As firming up positivity. The postive answer was aimed at by changing the question's ontology. The human animal agreed. I prevented unwanted thoughts by using the medical not and bolt (detailed end of the quantum switch process).
MN on NC on PR on RD
43.1 Can't we have exactness in induction? We should return the positive ontologies being about people. Ontology is how they find it. Ontology is how they know it. Ontology is how they do it.
NC on RR on RD
44. Which of the two items does \"use\" refer to? Is t quantum formula finder? Is it quantum program finder? Is it quantum essay writer?
NC on RR on PR on RD
45. All levels are seen as being positive levels. I want to agree with all levels being positive. I know the level. I know the item number. I know the item.
RD on RR on RD
46. The quantum algorithms are seen as being positive. I confirm that Green correctly described the quantum algorithms. The qubits entangle (link to) another qubit. Two qubits are chosen. A chain of qubits satisfying the question is found.
RD on RR on PR on RD
47. The ontologies of all levels were seen as a positive thing. Fifty As firm up positivity. Why does a positive answer lead to all levels? Human animals do exist. I just didn't think of an unwanted thought.
MO on RR on RD
48. I like the seen-as use. What all this seen-as business? I like the seen-as-ness. I like the seen as positivity. I like the seen-as solving.
MO on RR on PR on RD
49. I observed the seen-as quantum switch. I observed the seen-as 50 As. I observed the seen-as ontology. I observed the seen-as humans. I observed the seen-as animals.
AM on RR on RD
50. Everything is seen as a positive thing for me. I endorse positive things. I endorse the relating of them. I endorse turntables. I like the other.
AM on RR on PR on RD
51. Medicine is seen as a positive thing. I endorse medicine with you. I endorse the sun. Nietzsche helps me. I wrote about Nietzsche.
MN on RR on RD
52. I completed 50 As for each side degree for undergraduate, Master's and PhD. Forward movement is the positive direction. I found the goal. I moved towards it. I achieved it.
MN on RR on PR on RD
53. Meditation required medicine. I noticed psychology. I noticed that all levels were good. I noticed the seen-as version. I noticed that it was good too.
MO on RD
54. All values in all cells of the Venn diagram were positive. I completed the gay propositional universe programming about the train. I found the existent. I found the necessary. I did not need the possible.
MO on PR on RD
55. I augmented reality to positive medicine. I used spiritual medicine. I had 50 As for positivity. I had spiritul medicine for the other. I wrote about positive terms having As.
NC on MO on RD.
56. Quality is better than knowing or feeling. Propositions may be like ontology and structure. They are like them by necessary theories. They can be. I agree with propositions. I agree with ontologies.
NC on MO on PR on RD
57. Spiritual medicine is Popology. Ontologies are propositions. There is ontological popology. There is propositional popology. There is ontological popology. Ontology should be propositions.
RR on MO on RD
58. Head of state should be positive. We want propositional universe programming to be good. Morals should allow for future science, where propositions indicate morals. Popological scientists observe the phenomenon, then research how it works. The object is named by the phenomenon.
RR on MO on PR on RD
59. I found the verifiers. There should be an A for taking over the world. I found the army. I found the scientists to help with it. I found the people to take over the people.
RD on MO on RD
60. It is the best ever. The Head will take over the world. The self will be central in it. They will do pedagogy. The rest will include meditation and medicine.
RD on MO on PR on RD
61. They should still do it. They should do it because it is definitive and they want it. They will record it. They will accept people who want to do it and study it. It is good for them. They will overcome blocks to doing it.
AM on MO on RD
62. Babies cry because of recordings. Propositional universe programming is indicated by babies. I like a large enough quantity of it. It should be easy. They should feel confident to do it. The baby can't help fall asleep.
AM on MO on PR on RD
63. Breason out meditation too. Specific pedagogical medicine and specific pedagogical treatment stops crying. Think of medicine. I agree with the treatment. Apply them.
MN on MO RD
64. I wrote the computational law game. Law was tested correctedness (sic). I prefer functionalism, or propositions to ontologies. What's necessary and possible? Law is. 
MN on MO on PR on RD
65. I think it doesn't matter as long as people don't find fault with citations. Solving negatively is a reason for positivity. I prefer positivity to negativity. Positivity is the reason. I solve negativity to keep negativity out. I don't like it solved too clearly in case there are little things coming from them. Positive things come from the positive thoughts. The self knows thoughts now.
AM on RD
66. It is about everything being seen as a positive thing. Regarding the train metaphor, I want to remain to be them. I want to hitch onto my own ideas. I hitch onto others' ideas about mine. The main idea is that I can do any idea I want to, for example, writing. If the children have problems, they can have specific help when they need it.
AM on PR on RD
67. The mindmap is everything. I can mindmap. I can think. I can clear it up. I checked it.
NC on AM on RD
68. I need other people. It is about the self's moment.  This is not intended. Non-being or miscarriage is solved with a blessing of conception by a breasonings chapter being thought of. The neurotoxicity purge in te weekly regiment will work. So, no more psychiatric medication will be needed for the self.
NC on AM on PR on RD
69. The uses for pedagogy are astounding. These ways of thinking are relevant. This interdisciplinary area of study can return. For example, it is pedagogy. We can have it back.
RR on AM on RD
70. And economics, education and the area of study itself should return. I need to hitch onto journalism. I need to hitch onto acting. I need to hitch onto creative writing. I need to hitch onto these for professor.
RR on AM on PR on RD
71. Everything should be seen as a positive thing with a positive reason as well.  The object is between the future and past tense. I agreed with the head of the men. I know these departments will work. The point is people being interested in the self, symbolising Pedagogy and other high quality thoughts and everything else. The point of all these things that appear is that everyone should read everyone's texts and then everything will be all right.
RD on AM on RD
72. Societal pedagogy is correct at the moment. This positivity business is a positivity chapter when all of it could be positive, and it is. And I know you are positive and I am too. I concur. It is good.
RD on AM on PR on RD
73. People are trying to ensure that head and non-head are positive. Earth was foretold by ancient prophets. People may start again. I like it. I like the other.
MO on AM on RD
74. Sentences are checked by essay writer's program finder. Everyone should have their own academy. I can write down ideas. I can sew them into arguments. I know they are right.
MO on AM on PR on RD
75. I touched up the presentation. I updated  the program finder with new ontologies. I wrote the program graphics finder to display text boxes and models. I selected the clearer image using the graphics finder. I wrote the similar sentence with different algorithm finder.
MN on AM on RD
76. The train metaphor is a good thing. I agree with the train. I agree with each of the connections. I agree with the carriages. It runs on time.
MN on RD
77. The parser is good. The train parsed the sentence. I parsed the verb. I parsed the subject. I parsed the object.
MN on PR on RD
78. The mathematical parser is good. The train parsed the mathematical sentence. I parsed the first number. I parsed the plus sign. I parsed the second number.
NC on MN on RD
79. The parser relates to the topic. Writing the sentence matters. Everything is positive. The sentence is not written a priori, a posteriori, but a présent, meaning it is the event. That is correct. Writing can help act. LG: In this case, there is no other act. That is the point. People are not codes. LG: Computers can computationally check everything, all combinations. NC: They don't need to because philosophy is based on human lives.
NC on MN on PR on RD
80. To the other everything is computers, to me everything is people. What do you mean people could be replaced. It is impossible because we need something to compare things with. The other requires it too. I like computers. LG: Both are positive. However, there is a paradox of where to start. The computer cannot respond to trauma. You like them.

"]