["Green, L 2021, <i>Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Panic attack prevented by deep breathing and sutra 3 of 4

21. I prepared to judge the person. I did this by writing the Transsexual song argument. First, I wrote who the transsexual was. Second, I wrote about the rods. Third, I made one. In this way, I prepared to judge the person by writing the Transsexual song argument.

22. I prepared to favour the underdog. I did this by writing the Underdog song argument. First, I wrote someone else was the underdog. Second, I wrote about the Atacama Desert. Third, I screwed the nut to the bolt at 0 metres. In this way, I prepared to favour the underdog by writing the Underdog song argument.

23. I prepared to describe the person. I did this by writing the Universe song argument. First, I wrote about the University. Second, I wrote about the Pleiotropic era. Third, I wrote about nothingness. In this way, I prepared to describe the person by writing the Universe song argument.

24. I prepared to fertilise the plant. I did this by writing the Venus song argument. First, I found the Venus fly traps. Second, I planted them. Third, I watered them. In this way, I prepared to fertilise the plant by writing the Venus song argument.

25. I prepared to sing the announcement. I did this by writing the Witchcraft song argument. First, I wrote about witches. Second, I wrote how they came to us. Third, I described them. In this way, I prepared to sing the announcement by writing the Witchcraft song argument.

26. I prepared to state that the fact was life. I did this by writing the World Revolution song argument. First, I announced socialism. Second, I inserted the bar. Third, I knew the fact. In this way, I prepared to state that the fact was life by writing the World Revolution song argument.

27. I prepared to sing the song. I did this by writing the You Are Mine song argument. First, I announced 'you'. Second, I thought of the verb, 'are'. Third, I thought of 'mine'. In this way, I prepared to sing the song by writing the You Are Mine song argument.

28. I prepared to be kind.  I did this by breathing deeply.  First, I reclined slightly.  Second, I breathed in through my nose.  Third, I breathed out through my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to be kind by breathing deeply.

29. I prepared to be fluent in German.  I did this by speaking in German.  First, I looked up the grammar in the grammar book.  Second, I looked up the vocabulary in the dictionary. Third, I spoke German.  In this way, I prepared to be fluent in German by speaking in German.

30. I prepared to visit all the professors' offices.  I did this by knowing that the destination was RMIT.  First, I attended class.  Second, I attended mathematics class.  Third, I attended English class.  In this way, I prepared to visit all the professors' offices by knowing that the destination was RMIT.

"]