["Green, L 2021, <i>Head of State Head Ache Prevention 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Head of State Head Ache Prevention 4 of 4

31. I prepared to record the names of the people who I had helped.  I did this by keeping my distance from the pitrisaur.  First, I found the pitrisaur's tail.  Second, I stood 10 metres away from it.  Third, I helped you to do the same.  In this way, I prepared to record the names of the people who I had helped by keeping my distance from the pitrisaur.

32. I prepared to observe the people like my lecturer friend and meditation student was a doctor and friend.  I did this by observing the hansard.  First, I found the hansard.  Second, I observed him listen to the politician.  Third, I observed him take notes.  In this way, I prepared to observe the people like my lecturer friend and meditation student was a doctor and friend by observing the hansard.

33. I prepared to charge money for my services.  I did this by using the head of state headache protection.  First, I found the head of state.  Second, I followed his instruction to prevent bumping into people (stayed on my path).  Third, I enjoyed no headache (a comfortable head).  In this way, I prepared to charge money for my services by using the head of state headache protection.

34. I prepared to delect the vegan sausage.  I did this by lighting the vegan barbeque.  First, I found the vegan food.  Second, I lit t he barbeque.  Third, I cooked the vegan sausage.  In this way, I prepared to delect the vegan sausage by lighting the vegan barbeque.

35. I prepared to be given many As.  I did this by dining on the rice paper-wrapped tofu.  First, I cooked the tofu.  Second, I wet the rice paper.  Third, I wrapped the tofu in the rice paper.  In this way, I prepared to be given many As by dining on the rice paper-wrapped tofu.

36. I prepared to sit in the light room.  I did this by putting on the light clothes. First, I put on the light pants.  Second, I put on the light shirt.  Third, I put on the light hat.  In this way, I prepared to sit in the light room by putting on the light clothes.

37. I prepared to relax the head and neck muscles.  I did this by drawing the illustration of the walnut.  First, I sketched the shell, a thought in the brain, like the walnut.  Second, I sketched the pecan.  Third, I sketched the whole walnut.  In this way, I prepared to relax the head and neck muscles by drawing the illustration of the walnut.

38. I prepared to annul the head ache by treating the head.  I did this by rewarding the board.  First, I determined that the board had performed above standard.  Second, I rewarded the first member of the board.  Third, I repeated this until I had rewarded all the members of the board.  In this way, I prepared to annul the head ache by treating the head by rewarding the board.

39. I prepared to finish each thought.  I did this by closing the investigation.  First, I determined that the investigation had been solved.  Second, I verified this.  Third, I closed the investigation.  In this way, I prepared to finish each thought by closing the investigation.

40. I prepared to observe the person have relaxed head and neck muscles.  I did this by stating that the head of state verified the method for preventing headaches. First, I selected the grape.  Second, I placed it carefully in my mouth.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to observe the person have relaxed head and neck muscles by stating that the head of state verified the method for preventing headaches.

41. I prepared to relax.  I did this by stating that the head ache prevention was the breasoning, the relaxed metal U.  First, I lay on the ground.  Second, I breathed deeply.  Third, I recounted positive thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to relax by stating that the head ache prevention was the breasoning, the relaxed metal U.

42. I prepared to be healthy.  I did this by eating only enough pastry puffs.  First, I counted how many pastry puffs I could eat.  Second, I cooked the pastry puffs.  Third, I ate them.  In this way, I prepared to be healthy by eating only enough pastry puffs.





"]