["Green, L 2021, <i>Doctor Sutra 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Doctor Sutra 1 of 4



1. Sutra for doctors.

Breason out 80 breasonings * 10 subjects worth of breasonings from the following Lucianic Medicine subjects to prevent illness (e.g. schizophrenia, depression), where it is recommended that Lucianic Medicine is studied in conjunction with Lucianic Meditation.

1a.    I prepared to bathe in the hot springs. I did this by losing weight. First, I had enough food on the first day. Second, I prepared to do this on the next day. Third, I repeated this until I had lost weight. In this way, I prepared to bathe in the hot springs by losing weight.

2.    I prepared to feel satisfied. I did this by feeding the model ion to the model ion channel. First, I put the model ion next to the model ion channel. Second, I placed the model ion at the top of the model ion channel. Third, I rolled the model ion down the model ion channel. In this way, I prepared to feel satisfied by feeding the model ion to the model ion channel.

3.    The Vag prepared to keep on his own line. He did this by checking his indicator of his health. First, he stepped onto the line. Second, he walked along it. Third, he left the line. In this way, the Vag prepared to keep on his own line by checking his indicator of his health.

4.    I prepared to only have positive people around me. I did this by walking to where they were. First, I checked where they were on a map. Second, I walked there. Third, I started a conversation with one of them. In this way, I prepared to only have positive people around me by walking to where they were.

5.    I prepared to apply gentle heat to collaborators on writing an argument to prevent them making mistakes. I did this by verifying that the conclusion and reason had no mistakes in them. First, I worked out what the inference between the conclusion and reason was about. Second, I verified that the ideas and inference in my version of the conclusion and inference that I wrote worked. Third, I checked that each idea and the inference in the original conclusion and reason were as good and strong as those in the ones I wrote. In this way, I prepared to apply gentle heat to collaborators on writing an argument to prevent them making mistakes by verifying that the conclusion and reason had no mistakes in them.

6.    I prepared to care for the baby's pinky fingers. I did this by helping the baby polish the chinese gooseberry off, which helped her pinkies grow. First, I cut the chinese gooseberry into two. Second, I prepared to cut it into two again. Third, I repeated this until it's slices were small enough to fed to the baby. In this way, I prepared to care for the baby's pinky fingers by helping the baby polish the chinese gooseberry off, which helped her pinkies grow.

7.    I prepared to walk along the path. I did this by following the line with my finger. First, I drew the first line. Second, I drew the second line next to it. Third, I followed the lines. In this way, I prepared to walk along the path by following the line with my finger.

8.    I prepared to walk to my friend's house. I did this by walking in the centre of the path. First, I walked to one side. Second, I walked to the other side. Third, I walked in the middle. In this way, I prepared to walk to my friend's house by walking in the centre of the path.

9.    I set up the think tank. I did this by moving 90 degrees from the edge of the path. First, I placed a protractor at the edge of the path. Second, I placed a strip of paper at 90 degrees from the edge of the path using the protractor. Third, I walked along the strip of paper. In this way, I set up the think tank by moving 90 degrees from the edge of the path.

10.    I prepared to be happy. I did this by following the rope. First, I touched the rope. Second, I traced it. Third, I stopped following the rope when I reached it's end. In this way, I prepared to be happy by following the rope.

"]