["Green, L 2021, <i>Go to Bed at 9-30 PM 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Go to Bed at 9:30 PM 1 of 4



1. Go to bed at 9:30 PM to rise afresh.

1a. I prepared to decide on how it should be written.  I did this by writing research with the necessary skills.  First, I learnt the skills.  Second, I prepared the writing temporium (sic).  Third, I wrote the research.  In this way, I prepared to decide on how it should be written by writing research with the necessary skills.

2. I prepared to harvest the signposts.  I did this by collating information.  First, I wrote you a letter.  Second, I collated the information in it.  Third, I signposted the information.  In this way, I prepared to harvest the signposts by collating information.

3. I prepared to pass with flying colours.  I did this by preparing for exams and other assessment.  First, I prepared for the exams.  Second, I prepared for the tests.  Third, I prepared for the optical exam.  In this way, I prepared to pass with flying colours by preparing for exams and other assessment.

4. I prepared to verify that I was relaxed.  I did this by managing stress.  First, I wrote down the timetable information.  Second, I described it using sutras (philosophies).  Third, I covered it with medicine.  In this way, I prepared to verify that I was relaxed by managing stress.

5. I prepared to find the definition of 'better'.  I did this by stating that students who attended class performed better.  First, I found that students who attended class performed better.  Second, I wrote this down.  Third, I found this out.  In this way, I prepared to find the definition of 'better' by stating that students who attended class performed better.

6. I prepared to edge onto mitochondria (do the homework).  I did this by visiting the Learning Management System at the start of semester.  First, I found the Learning part.  Second, I found the Management part.  Third, I found my sysutils (sic).  In this way, I prepared to edge onto mitochondria (do the homework) by visiting the Learning Management System at the start of semester.

7. I prepared to eat out of lyzeme (sic) shells.  I did this by finding a balance between study, family, work and social life.  First, I found a balance between study and family.  Second, I found a balance between study and work.  Third, I found a balance between study and social life.  In this way, I prepared to eat out of lyzeme (sic) shells by finding a balance between study, family, work and social life.

8. I prepared to state that essent in Heidegger, from das Seiende, {n} meant that which has being.  I did this by maintaining motivation.  First, I wrote down the effervent's (sic) heading.  Second, I wrote down 'you'.  Third, I reduced essential enthusiasm to essent (sic).  In this way, I prepared to state that essent in Heidegger, from das Seiende, {n} meant that which has being by maintaining motivation.

9. I prepared to eat out of cups.  I did this by stating that my self was my source of motivation.  First, I wrote that I liked myself.  Second, I wrote that I liked you.  Third, I wrote that I liked everybody else.  In this way, I prepared to eat out of cups by stating that my self was my source of motivation.

10. I prepared to design Yefuititi (sic).  I did this by stating that when 20% of students fail the majority of their first year subjects, they should see a staff member to make a plan to get back on track.  First, I wrote about the subject.  Second, I wrote about the staff member.  Third, I wrote about it.  In this way, I prepared to design Yefuititi (sic) by stating that when 20% of students fail the majority of their first year subjects, they should see a staff member to make a plan to get back on track.

"]