["Green, L 2021, <i>Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 2 of 4

11. I prepared to enamourate (sic) myself.  I did this by providing Popology service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved people.  Second, I allowed 'G'.  Third, I loved us.  In this way, I prepared to enamourate (sic) myself by providing Popology service as breasonings currency.

12. I prepared to 'each' it home.  I did this by providing Societology service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved society.  Second, I loved you.  Third, I connected society to you.  In this way, I prepared to 'each' it home by providing Societology service as breasonings currency.

13. I prepared to look each way.  I did this by providing Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) service as breasonings currency.  First, I enamoured you.  Second, I liked it.  Third, I had you.  In this way, I prepared to look each way by providing Lucianic Meditation (Philosophy) service as breasonings currency.

14. I prepared to ixamine (sic) it.  I did this by providing Culturology service as breasonings currency.  First, I had you there.  Second, I observed you excrete it.  Third, I examined you.  In this way, I prepared to ixamine (sic) it by providing Culturology service as breasonings currency.

15. I prepared to love the horse.  I did this by providing Rhetoric service as breasonings currency.  First, I icsamined (sic) it as well.  Second, I kept it.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to love the horse by providing Rhetoric service as breasonings currency.

16. I prepared to take politics off afterwards.  I did this by providing Cognitive Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I aimed for it.  Second, I metacognitively thought of it.  Third, I provided more politics.  In this way, I prepared to take politics off afterwards by providing Cognitive Science service as breasonings currency.

17. I prepared to provide tap-tap.  I did this by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked it (the typewriter).  Second, I liked you (the cap).  Third, I liked it (the tart).  In this way, I prepared to provide tap-tap by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.

18. I prepared to like it to you.  I did this by providing Philosophy of Language service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked the tap.  Second, I liked you, yourself.  Third, I liked me, myself.  In this way, I prepared to like it to you by providing Philosophy of Language service as breasonings currency.

19. I prepared to like development.  I did this by providing Development service as breasonings currency.  First, I looked him in the eye and loved him.  Second, I observed the star in the middle of your forehead.  Third, I wrote it down.  In this way, I prepared to like development by providing Development service as breasonings currency.

20. I prepared to discharge the people.  I did this by providing Body Metaphor service as breasonings currency.  First, I joyfully went forward.  Second, I anointed it.  Third, I healed it.  In this way, I prepared to discharge the people by providing Body Metaphor service as breasonings currency.

"]