["Green, L 2021, <i>Prevent Headaches on Train and a Bent Spine 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Prevent Headaches on Train and a Bent Spine 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to ask, 'What is a wheeler?' I did this by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.  First, I looked at Jed.  Second, I helped him.  Third, I collapsed the wheeler and was resuscitated with him.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'What is a wheeler?' by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.

12.   I prepared to have harlequinades.  I did this by providing Russian service as breasonings currency.  First, I examined the Russian Orthodox Centres.  Second, I help artifice out.  Third, I managed clearly.  In this way, I prepared to have harlequinades by providing Russian service as breasonings currency.

13.    I prepared to be intelligent.  I did this by providing Social Theory service as breasonings currency.  First, I symbolised being helped in pedagogy.  Second, I wrote more.  Third, I helped out.  In this way, I prepared to be intelligent by providing Social Theory service as breasonings currency.

14.   I prepared to have no financial responsibility, retain intellectual copyright and a large percentage of the profits in a deal.  I did this by providing Social Work service as breasonings currency.  First, I listened to the animals.  Second, I improved their intelligence.  Third, I interpreted every last word they said.  In this way, I prepared to have no financial responsibility, retain intellectual copyright and earn a large percentage of the profits in a deal by providing Social Work service as breasonings currency.

15.   I prepared to find the new design.  I did this by providing Socio-Legal Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the socio-economic status bearers.  Second, I helped them walk along the street.  Third, I carefully hap-barrelled them.  In this way, I prepared to find the new design by providing Socio-Legal Studies service as breasonings currency.

16.   I prepared to follow my page.  I did this by providing Sociology service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote that sociology was high.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I made a beeline for the newspaper.  In this way, I prepared to follow my page by providing Sociology service as breasonings currency.

17.   I prepared to sit straight on the seat.  I did this by providing Spanish service as breasonings currency.  First, I cared for the civilians.  Second, I stated that humans would survive in non-Earth environments.  Third, I spoke Spanish.  In this way, I prepared to sit straight on the seat by providing Spanish service as breasonings currency.

18.   I prepared to say that it was clear.  I did this by providing Swedish service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the best path.  Second, I made sure that it could be followed.  Third, I followed it myself.  In this way, I prepared to say that it was clear by providing Swedish service as breasonings currency.

19.    I prepared to help design the Theatre Studies department.  I did this by providing Theatre Studies service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the play.  Second, I invited the people.  Third, I helped the University students to connect parts of the text together.  In this way, I prepared to help design the Theatre Studies department by providing Theatre Studies service as breasonings currency.

20.  I prepared to use my brain.  I did this by providing Media and Communications service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote about media.  Second, I wrote about communications.  Third, I wrote about how they went well together.  In this way, I prepared to use my brain by providing Media and Communications service as breasonings currency.

"]