["Green, L 2021, <i>Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage 4 of 4

31. I prepared to vibrato, think and nuzzle.  I did this by providing Logic service as breasonings currency.  First, I logicise (sic) everything.  Second, I helped you, peace makers.  Third, I made the areas of study famous.  In this way, I prepared to vibrato, think and nuzzle by providing Logic service as breasonings currency.

32. I prepared to use it up.  I did this by providing Brain Metaphor service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote on the brain.  Second, I wrote on the body.  Third, I wrote on their connection.  In this way, I prepared to use it up by providing Brain Metaphor service as breasonings currency.

33. I prepared to decide that it was better still.  I did this by providing Poetics service as breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the poem.  Second, I stated that it was useful.  Third, I decided that it was helpful.  In this way, I prepared to decide that it was better still by providing Poetics service as breasonings currency.

34. I prepared to like the former politician.  I did this by providing Computational Philosophy service as breasonings currency.  First, I loosened it.  Second, I found that it was best for breasoners.  Third, I found that it was best for me.  In this way, I prepared to like the former politician by providing Computational Philosophy service as breasonings currency.

35. I prepared to receive help myself and you.  I did this by providing Archeology service as breasonings currency.  First, I found archeology's digging implements.  Second, I dug.  Third, I was free in the jug.  In this way, I prepared to receive help myself and you by providing Archeology service as breasonings currency.

36. I prepared to write, Jimbo!  I did this by providing Architecture service as breasonings currency.  First, I hugged you.  Second, I wrote I verified the architectural plans against the architectural plans.  Third, I found my baby.  In this way, I prepared to write, Jimbo! by providing Architecture service as breasonings currency.

37. I prepared to examine the wilderness.  I did this by providing Cosmology service as breasonings currency.  First, I helped the Cosmologue.  Second, I saw Christina Everitt.  Third, I saw the results at the date.  In this way, I prepared to examine the wilderness by providing Cosmology service as breasonings currency.





"]