["Green, L 2021, <i>250 Breasonings 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
250 Breasonings 4 of 4

31. I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who don't practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning.  I did this by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether headaches on the train and a bent spine are prevented in those who do and don't practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning, treating gender as a blocking variable.  First, I collected data for Block 1 (male) by random allocation for those who practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning to compare whether headaches on the train and a bent spine are prevented.  Second, I collected it for those who don't practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning.  Third, I collected data for Block 2 (female) by random allocation for those who practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning to compare whether headaches on the train and a bent spine are prevented.  In this way, I prepared to collect data for Block 2 (female) for those who don't practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning by reporting the statistics from the observational study to compare whether headaches on the train and a bent spine are prevented in those who do and don't practise Yoga Surya Namaskar and Yoga Asanas in the morning, treating gender as a blocking variable.

32. I prepared to 'eat' the toy vegetables.  I did this by picking over the vegetables.  First, I ate the radish.  Second, I ate the capsicum.  Third, I ate the carrot.  In this way, I prepared to 'eat' the toy vegetables by picking over the vegetables.

33. I prepared to synthesise the pathetic gists.  I did this by liking the pathetic gists.  First, I searched for the main point.  Second, I found it.  Third, I fondled it.  In this way, I prepared to synthesise the pathetic gists by liking the pathetic gists.

34. I prepared to award the sport prize.  I did this by liking larrikinism.  First, I went around the twist.  Second, I went up and down.  Third, I went upside-down.  In this way, I prepared to award the sport prize by liking larrikinism.

35. I prepared to draw the shape.  I did this by reattaching the head.  First, I cut the lolly snake's head off.  Second, I reattached it with a toothpick.  Third, I examined the connection.  In this way, I prepared to draw the shape by reattaching the head.

36. I prepared to clothe the baby.  I did this by loving the baby.  First, I held it.  Second, I fed it.  Third, I bathed it.  In this way, I prepared to clothe the baby by loving the baby.

37. I prepared to enjoy high quality of life.  I did this by stating that the pink screen appeared after breasoning out 250 breasonings.  First, I breasoned out 250 breasonings.  Second, I noticed that the pink screen appeared.  Third, I noticed that the imagery was high quality.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy high quality of life by stating that the pink screen appeared after breasoning out 250 breasonings.

38. I prepared to enjoy the hibiscuses bloom.  I did this by using the sprinkler to water the garden.  First, I placed the sprinkler in position.  Second, I turned the tap on.  Third, I watered the garden.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the hibiscuses bloom by using the sprinkler to water the garden.

39. I prepared to generate the material.  I did this by enjoying the brief lecturers.  First, I found the lecturer.  Second, I enjoyed her delivering the lecture.  Third, I noticed that it had been brief.  In this way, I prepared to generate the material by enjoying the brief lecturers.

40. I prepared to analyse the music philosophically.  I did this by speaking.  First, I delivered the generated lecture.  Second, I delivered the lecture in multiple modes.  Third, I delivered the class activity.  In this way, I prepared to analyse the music philosophically by speaking.

41. I prepared to add salad dressing (acetic acid added to Fe3+ produces water and Fe2+, able to be digested by humans).  I did this by cooking the vegetables in the oven. First, I cooked the pumpkin.  Second, I cooked the spinach.  Third, I cooked the pine nuts. In this way, I prepared to add salad dressing (acetic acid added to Fe3+ produces water and Fe2+, able to be digested by humans) by cooking the vegetables in the oven.

42. I prepared to write how the researched idea was likely to have worked.  I did this by uncovering the medicine algorithms with research.  First, I conducted the research.  Second, I wrote the aim of the algorithm of what was researched.  Third, I wrote the algorithm of what was researched.  In this way, I prepared to write how the researched idea was likely to have worked by uncovering the medicine algorithms with research.


"]