["Green, L 2021, <i>Brain II 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Brain II 3 of 4

21.    Powerman prepared to help the lady cross the road. First, he took one end of the rope. Second, he looped the left end over the right end and inserted it underneath it. Third, he looped the right end over the left end and inserted it underneath it. In this way, Powerman prepared to help the lady cross the road.

22.    He prepared to devise a protective scheme from challenges. First, he thought of the tools he would need. Second, he thought of their cost. Third, he calculated whether he had enough money for them. In this way, he prepared to devise a protective scheme from challenges.

23.    He prepared to test the way. First, he thought of the sandpaper he would need. Second, he thought of glue that he could swap for it. Third, he calculated whether he had the glue. In this way, he prepared to test the way.

24.    He prepared to think of the reward. First, he tested his personal best time in the sprint. Second, he entered the race. Third, he reached the finishing line. In this way, he prepared to think of the reward.

25.    The non-medical mathematician prepared to smile to the camera. First, she copied the file to the CD. Second, she wrote the patient's name on the CD. Third, she gave it to the patient. In this way, the non-medical mathematician prepared to smile to the camera.

26.    She prepared to design the perfect smile. First, she drew the centre line. Second, she drew the teeth on either side of the centre line. Third, she calculated the position of a particular tooth would have. In this way, she prepared to design the perfect smile.

27.    She prepared to check the orthodontic treatment. First, she wrote the desired position. Second, she wrote the initial position. Third, she wrote their difference. In this way, she prepared to check the orthodontic treatment.

28.    She prepared to make sure that a particular tooth would travel a particular velocity. First, she wrote the position difference. Second, she wrote the velocity. Third, she wrote the time it would take to equal the position difference divided by the velocity. In this way, she prepared to make sure that a particular tooth would travel a particular velocity.

29.    I prepared to apply for the job. First, I said the competition's name. Second, I worked out my ranking. Third, I said my previous personal best. In this way, I prepared to apply for the job.

30.    I prepared to make a large protein computer. First, I designed the computer. Second, I made it small enough. Third, I put it into the brain cell. In this way, I prepared to make a large protein computer.

"]