["Green, L 2021, <i>Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Preventing Sales from Being Dangerous 1 of 4



1. Products' philosophy As must be based on a positive argument, have a single argument and be connected in a structure.

The connection between two breasoning currency Bs (where instead of 'I ate the apple', which would be found in an A, a B would contain 'I shouldn't choke on the apple') where each B would make a sale viable by encouraging buying, is mathematically symbolised by a hand (even a sexual organ), rather than causing suffering by being left separate.

1a. I prepared to compliment the gardener.  I did this by eating the strawberry.  First, I found the strawberry.  Second, I picked it.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to compliment the gardener by eating the strawberry.

2. I prepared to assemble the animal lollies.  I did this by eating the orangutan lolly.  First, I bought it at the lolly shop.  Second, I took it out of it's paper bag.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to assemble the animal lollies by eating the orangutan lolly.

3. I prepared to go to the beach.  I did this by holding my breath.  First, I knew about my determined plan.  Second, I worked on it.  Third, I achieved it.  In this way, I prepared to go to the beach by holding my breath.

4. I prepared to prevent the suicide bombing.  I did this by loving lovingtude (sic).  First, I loved you.  Second, I loved myself.  Third, I loved everyone else.  In this way, I prepared to prevent the suicide bombing by loving lovingtude (sic).

5. I prepared to examine the series.  I did this by putting a bobble in the middle.  First, I found the policeman.  Second, I placed him in the middle.  Third, I observed the bottle shops stay open late.  In this way, I prepared to examine the series by putting a bobble in the middle.

6. I prepared to eat the apple.  I did this by holding the apple.  First, I knew the politicians. Second, I was aware of a classic.  Third, I wrote home.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple by holding the apple.

7. I prepared to chew the peel.  I did this by drawing the orange.  First, I knew about medicine. Second, I knew about psychiatry.  Third, I knew about pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to chew the peel by drawing the orange.

8. I prepared to activate protection by the medicine course.  I did this by licking the vegan pistachio ice cream.  First, I knew the medicine lecturer.  Second, I knew about the psychiatry lecturer .  Third, I knew the pedagogy lecturer.  In this way, I prepared to activate protection by the medicine course by licking the vegan pistachio ice cream.

9. I prepared to go for a work holiday, actually thought the over-meditation was to do with LA (went home) and thought the famous thoughts (Computational English, etc.) were separate.  I did this by painting the blue sky.  First, I ran away.  Second, I over-meditated.  Third, I had a fame-following mental breakdown.  In this way, I prepared to go for a work holiday, actually thought the over-meditation was to do with LA (went home) and thought the famous thoughts (Computational English, etc.) were separate by painting the blue sky.

10. I prepared to design the University like a maze.  I did this by following the bunny through the maze.  First, I made the robot bunny.  Second, I programmed it to solve the maze.  Third, I improved the algorithm.  In this way, I prepared to design the University like a maze by following the bunny through the maze.

"]