["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Fewer Mental Breakdowns (Schizophrenia) 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to dial out N.  I did this by providing Physiotherapy service as breasonings currency.  First, I bricabraced.  Second, I trialled the cornupcopias.  Third, I hedgehogged my way to hesterity.  In this way, I prepared to dial out N by providing Physiotherapy service as breasonings currency.

22.   I prepared to help oo.  I did this by providing Faculty of Music service as breasonings currency.  First, I dialled in A.  Second, I helped A.  Third, I wrote A a letter.  In this way, I prepared to help oo by providing Faculty of Music service as breasonings currency.

23.   I prepared to prevent deigning.  I did this by providing Faculty of Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I designed plectrums.  Second, I delighted you.  Third, I played back 'you'.  In this way, I prepared to prevent deigning by providing Faculty of Science service as breasonings currency.

24.   I prepared to give and tuck.  I did this by providing Anatomy and cell biology service as breasonings currency.  First, I Bahama-ed lightly.  Second, I bolly-giggled.  Third, I plasticated you.  In this way, I prepared to give and tuck by providing Anatomy and cell biology service as breasonings currency.

25.  I prepared to eat the pippin.  I did this by providing Biochemistry and molecular biology service as breasonings currency.  First, I liked tip and tuck.  Second, I helped parliamentarians.  Third, I gave something away.  In this way, I prepared to eat the pippin by providing Biochemistry and molecular biology service as breasonings currency.

26.   I prepared to be biologically sane.  I did this by providing Biology service as breasonings currency.  First, I am a school captain.  Second, I identified the propaganda.  Third, I surprised myself.  In this way, I prepared to be biologically sane by providing Biology service as breasonings currency.

27.   I prepared to dive in.  I did this by providing Biomedical science service as breasonings currency.  First, I like it.  Second, I like living.  Third, I helped with Nietzsche.  In this way, I prepared to dive in by providing Biomedical science service as breasonings currency.

28.   I prepared to record the cockerel's crowing time.  I did this by providing Biotechnology service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the polkinghorns.  Second, I agreed with them.  Third, I verified this.  In this way, I prepared to record the cockerel's crowing time by providing Biotechnology service as breasonings currency.

29.   I prepared to move forward at the card table.  I did this by providing Botany service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the top of the pack.  Second, I helped myself to it.  Third, I placed the card on the table.  In this way, I prepared to move forward at the card table by providing Botany service as breasonings currency.

30.   I prepared to like you.  I did this by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.  First, I loved Nietzsche.  Second, I wrote about the world leaders.  Third, I helped Nana and Papa to write down Medicine down together.  In this way, I prepared to like you by providing Chemistry service as breasonings currency.

"]