["Green, L 2021, <i>Less Depression 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Less Depression 1 of 4



1. Argument about ways of preventing depression.

Caution: Only take medication as directed by your doctor.

Either:

1a. study a University short course in self-pulse diagnosis and dot on 50 prozacs in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5) before the day.

b. or pray for a University short course in self-pulse diagnosis and dot on 50 prozacs in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5) before the day.

2. Then dot on 10 prozacs and meditate using the Green sutra to beat depression.

1aa. I prepared to help the Prime Minister design the portfolios.  I did this by providing Optometry and vision sciences service as breasonings currency.  First, I voted for the Prime Minister.  Second, I held his hand.  Third, I liked him.  In this way, .

2. I prepared to spiritually genetically reduce cytokines in early life trauma patients.  I did this by providing Pathology service as breasonings currency.  First, I thought of the first event clearly.  Second, I thought of the second event clearly.  Third, I kept these separate.  In this way, I prepared to reduce cytokines in early life trauma patients by providing Pathology service as breasonings currency.

3. I prepared to .  I did this by providing Pharmacology service as breasonings currency.  First, I only took medication as directed by my doctor.  Second, I studied 10 Medicine As and dotted on 50 prozacs in a high quality way (using a breasoned counter: 1x1x0.5 cm) before the day.  Third, I dotted on 10 prozacs and meditated using the Green sutra to beat depression.  In this way, .

4. I prepared to write to someone about it.  I did this by providing Physics service as breasonings currency.  First, I found the rumination circuit sine wave.  Second, I gently calmed it.  Third, I wrote about it.  In this way, I prepared to write to someone about it by providing Physics service as breasonings currency.

5. I prepared to observe the genes indicate happiness.  I did this by providing Physiology service as breasonings currency.  First, I observed the Professor elide (undertake) education and meditation training.  Second, I observed education help his brain cells complete breasonings and arguments, and do them if they are not done.  Third, I observed meditation help with famousness requirements, which University requires.  In this way, I prepared to observe the genes indicate happiness by providing Physiology service as breasonings currency.

6. I prepared to ask, 'Are you Happy?'  I did this by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.  First, I thought of dreams, leisure and money.  Second, I thought of finding a shortcut to happiness, how this makes one happy and memories.  Third, I thought of family, friends and good times.  In this way, I prepared to ask, 'Are you Happy?' by providing Psychology service as breasonings currency.

7. I prepared to remember with my pet.  I did this by providing Zoology service as breasonings currency.  First, I meditated on (wrote) 5 extra As per day.  Second, this reminded me of the seen-as version of pedagogy, meditation and medicine.  Third, I applied memories of these to my business.  In this way, I prepared to remember with my pet by providing Zoology service as breasonings currency.

8. I prepared to love life.  I did this by providing Faculty of Veterinary Science service as breasonings currency.  First, I like you.  Second, I like me.  Third, I like him.  In this way, I prepared to love life by providing Faculty of Veterinary Science service as breasonings currency.

9. I prepared to work in the well lit and heated studio.  I did this by providing Faculty of College of Arts service as breasonings currency.  First, I encouraged meditation and specific training in all areas one worked in.  Second, I meditated on (viewed) 50 As on each day.  Third, I completed art, business, education and film courses.  In this way, I prepared to work in the well lit and heated studio by providing Faculty of College of Arts service as breasonings currency.

10. I prepared to collect 5 high quality thoughts.  I did this by providing Art service as breasonings currency.  First, I connected images with my words.  Second, I felt like I was painting connections in my body.  Third, I produced serotonin by thinking of winning a competition, which I did with 50 As in serotonin production in the judge.  In this way, I prepared to collect 5 high quality thoughts by providing Art service as breasonings currency.

"]