["Green, L 2021, <i>Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"MEDICINE
by Lucian Green
Honey Pot Prayer for No Headaches in Cars, Trains and Walks 2 of 4

11.   I prepared to eat the marmalade sauce.  I did this by stating that I am good at Pedagogy.  First, I thought of the 2 uses, future and 2 types, which, with the rest of the Pedagogy ways of thinking, helped me to deserve A-grade for my essay.  Second, I thought of the rest of the Pedagogy ways of thinking.  Third, I was good at Pedagogy from the start.  In this way, I prepared to eat the marmalade sauce by stating that I am good at Pedagogy.

12.   I prepared to feed the duck hen.  I did this by feeding the chicken chicken food.  First, I bought the chicken food.  Second, I fed the chicken chicken food.  Third, I watched her grow.  In this way, I prepared to feed the duck hen by feeding the chicken chicken food.

13.   I prepared to take the goat inside during the rain.  I did this by feeding the goat goat food.  First, I retrieved the lettuce from the bin in the store.  Second, I fed it to the goat.  Third, I did this again.  In this way, I prepared to take the goat inside during the rain by feeding the goat goat food.

14.   I prepared to play with our pet duck.  I did this by feeding the duck duck food.  First, I walked to the farm.  Second, I retrieved the duck pellets.  Third, I poured them in the bowl.  In this way, I prepared to play with our pet duck by feeding the duck duck food.

15.  I prepared to record my books being famous.  I did this by studying the Education short course before applying for the Professor position.  First, I read the Professor job advertisement.  Second, I found the best Education short course date.  Third, I became a Philosophy professor.  In this way, I prepared to record my books being famous by studying the Education short course before applying for the Professor position.

16.   I prepared to lead the world government.  I did this by identifying the top point of the government.  First, I identified the identified the prime minister of the monarchy.  Second, I identified the president of the republic.  Third, I identified the leader of the world facilitation board.  In this way, I prepared to lead the world government by identifying the top point of the government.

17.   I prepared to photograph the perfect setting with no teasing (with protection).  I did this by stating the existence of daguerreotypes.  First, I thought of Heidegger.  Second, I thought of the first photograph.  Third, I thought of the first photograph with Heidegger in it.  In this way, I prepared to photograph the perfect setting with no teasing (with protection) by stating the existence of daguerreotypes.

18.   I prepared to enjoy the thoughts about her.  I did this by writing that I knew that there was a princess there.  First, I wrote about the princess.  Second, I wrote about the thoughts.  Third, I moved with her.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the thoughts about her by writing that I knew that there was a princess there.

19.   I prepared to make the tone.  I did this by playing with the princess power ranger.  First, I removed the princess power ranger from the package.  Second, I placed her in the sand.  Third, I let her go for a little while.  In this way, I prepared to make the tone by playing with the princess power ranger.

20.  I prepared to state that the Earth moved forward with the music.  I did this by playing with the Earth power ranger.  First, I played with the Earth.  Second, I played with it's balls.  Third, I rolled them down the slope.  In this way, I prepared to state that the Earth moved forward with the music by playing with the Earth power ranger.

"]