["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Societology</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Societology

1. The helper collected breasonings on the person.  The person was right.  I paid a recruiter to send students to Lucian Academy.  I paid some money.  There were students.
2. They can do their own work after a little while.  The person was good.  There were 250 breasonings per breasoning thought of by the student.  The computer detected the breasoning.  It breasoned out 250 breasonings to support it.  It worked when the student was ready.
3. The model student helped breason out ideas.  The person was helpful.  There was a connected-together model student.  She found the thoughts.  She was grateful.
4. The professors replied.  The person was useful.  The students wrote the essays.  They wrote the details (three per sentence).  There were also details to detail in higher degrees.
5. The students were well-presented.  The person was caring (well-dressed).  I went to the recruitment web site.  I paid the money.  They found the students.
6. I checked whether they saw appearances, were depressed, had headaches, studied, worked, had a business, had a partner, had sex, Nietzsche stated that there was enough leeway (it was equitable).  I found the student's aims out.  I helped him with it.  I helped him with everything.
7. There were classes of at least 10 students per class per semester.  The societology model worked well.  I sent the money from my account to the Recruitment company's bank account.  They organised payment to Lucian Academy with money or vouchers.  Both made a profit.
8. I read the encyclopedia article about the academy.  The other was interesting.  I wrote the income per month.  I wrote the income per six month period.  I wrote the income per year.
9. The academy worked with text.  The society performed the job itself.  The quality assurance person checked that the student could understand the material.  She read the feedback.  She rewrote the instructions.
10. The student submitted her essay and checked her mark online.  Society stood still.  The worker was hired at the start to check the quality of essay marking systems.  The software used to write the essays was tested on different operating systems (Mac, Windows and Linux).  They could read the course materials on a smartphone.  Assessment required a desktop computer.

"]