["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Simulated Intelligence cont'd 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Simulated Intelligence cont'd 2

41. The pedagogue was a computer program.  The person created the pedagogue to breason out the breasoning list as part of assessment.  The person helped the pedagogue to breason out the lecturer argument.  The lecturer argument enabled the pedagogue to write arguments.  The pedagogue breasoned out the breasoning list.
42. The pedagogy helper was an algorithm.  The pedagogy helper breasoned out the breasoning list for assessment.  The pedagogy helper/teacher prepared the breasoning.  The pedagogue wrote the teacher's words down. She breasoned them out.
43. The pedagogue was an algorithm.  The pedagogue breasoned out the breasoning list as part of assessment.  He thought of the words individually.  He breasoned them out.  They worked because they were already breasoned out by a pedagogy helper.
44. The spiritual time traveller breasoned out breasonings from the future.  The recordings pedagogue breasoned out the breasoning list.  The recorded breasonings could travel through time.  The breasoning list could be breasoned out to aim for a time.  I helped the student earn the grade.
45. The person constructed their own intelligence test.  The person stated that the other was intelligent.  The other passed the intelligence test.  The person checked it.  The person wrote the result.
46. The king was fair.  The king commanded the simulation.  The simulation helped track the food.  The grain was sown.  The simulation predicted the harvest.
47. The simulation was constructed from parts.  I started the simulation part.  The simulation part was the algorithm.  I examined reality.  I simulated it.
48. The simulated algorithm asked questions.  The hint worked in the simulation.  The student read the question.  She read the hint.  She answered the question.
49. The simulation was relaxing.  The person maintained his good health in the simulation.  The person meditated.  He ate healthily.  He had good exercise.
50. It was safe.  The element in the simulation advertised it was there until change.  The element was zinc.  The citizen drank the zinc drink to combat sickness.  It was plentiful."]