["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer Metaphysics</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer Metaphysics

1. I created the idea as an object.  I found the idea's two poles.  I created the 1-D automaton.  It was a switch.
2. 'Words' was taken so I called it the 'Red and Black Book'.  I wrote the idea as a word.  I described the idea.  I compared it with an interesting idea.  I wrote the best word down.
3. In 100%, I wrote algorithms for each sentence.  I wrote the idea as a sentence.  I found its system.  I found its verb.  I found its object.
4. I condensed the algorithm to three lines.  I wrote the idea as a paragraph.  I wrote the draft.  I tested it.  It was the short algorithm.
5. I wrote on the metaphysics (pattern matching of the ideas).  I wrote the idea as a chapter.  I found the key terms.  I wrote them in a different order in relation to an idea.  I repeated this for each paragraph.
6. There were more connections between the chapters.  I wrote on the idea as a book.  I divided the idea into topics.  I wrote on each topic.  I connected the topics in the introduction.
7. The developed thing was the universe.  I wrote on the idea as an algorithm.  It was a multi-book algorithm.  There were connections between the books.  I tested the algorithm for developed things.
8. The computer found what what was interesting and the people were interested in the work.  I detected the object size.  The speed of computation meant that all the work was done by the computer in the computational government.  The rest was turned off.  There were some writers.
9. I thought of the Lucian machine.  I described the use.  I breasoned out the key term from each sentence.  I thought of the algorithm.  I thought of the interpreter.
10. It was the three-dimensional Lucian machine.  I thought of the simplification to all appropriate uses.  I wrote the algorithm.  I wrote the algorithm to run the algorithm.  I wrote the algorithm to find whether the algorithm run met the requirements.
"]