["Green, L 2021, <i>Dereconstruction 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Dereconstruction 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to be friendly.  I did this by teaching meditation.  First, I taught the meditation details.  Second, I taught medicine.  Third, I taught about seeing a psychiatrist when needed or seeing friends.  In this way, I prepared to be friendly by teaching pedagogy.

22.   I prepared to enable earning H1.  I did this by teaching pedagogy.  First, I taught the breasonings details.  Second, I taught about veganism, positivity, Nietzsche, travelling and the University education subject.  Third, I taught my students how to write arguments.  In this way, I prepared to enable earning H1 by teaching pedagogy.

23.   I prepared to professionally develop doctors.  I did this by teaching medicine.  First, I taught about the digestive system.  Second, I taught about the circulatory system.  Third, I taught about the respiratory system.  In this way, I prepared to professionally develop doctors.  I did this by teaching medicine.

24.   I prepared to be an expert on the brain.  I did this by writing about neuroscience.  First I wrote about food.  Second, I wrote about activity.  Third, I wrote about sleep.  In this way, I prepared to be an expert on the brain by writing about neuroscience.

25.  I prepared to tell a story.  I did this by writing about creativity.  First, I wrote the first event description down.  Second, I wrote the second event description down.  Third, I connected the first event description and the second event description.  In this way, I prepared to tell a story by writing about creativity.

26.   I prepared to deconstruct the reconstruction of the event.  I did this by reconstructing the event from other events.  First, I reconstructed the event from the first event.  Second, I prepared to reconstruct the event from the next event.  Third, I repeated this until I had reconstructed the event from all the other events.  In this way, I prepared to deconstruct the reconstruction of the event by reconstructing the event from other events.

27.   I prepared to deconstruct the reconstruction of the text.  I did this by reconstructing the text from other texts.  First, I reconstructed the text from the first text.  Second, I prepared to reconstruct the text from the next text.  Third, I repeated this until I had reconstructed the text from all the other texts.  In this way, I prepared to deconstruct the reconstruction of the text by reconstructing the text from other texts.

28.   I prepared to eat the apple.  I did this by deconstructing the object by vaporising it (in fact, I thought of a larger object than another, e.g. I thought of a hand and an apple).  First, I measured the length of my hand.  Second, I measured the width of the apple.  Third, I verified that the first measurement was greater than the second measurement.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple by deconstructing the object by vaporising it (in fact, I thought of a larger object than another, e.g. I thought of a hand and an apple).

29.   I prepared to shake the man's hand.  I did this by loving the man by hugging him.  First, I walked to him.  Second, I placed my arms around him.  Third, I hugged him.  In this way, I prepared to shake the man's hand by loving the man by hugging him.

30.   I prepared to change the state.  I did this by becoming the nationalist leader.  First, I reached the top of the nation.  Second, I applied to become the nationalist leader.  Third, I became the nationalist leader.  In this way, I prepared to change the state by becoming the nationalist leader.

"]