["Green, L 2021, <i>Derivability 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Derivability 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to report the crime.  I did this by identifying the murder (in fact, drinking tea).  First, I identified that no one knew when the murder would occur.  Second, I identified when it would happen.  Third, I identified that it happened.  In this way, I prepared to report the crime by identifying the murder (in fact, drinking tea).

22.   I prepared to program a robot mind.  I did this by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Conglish (Computational English) degree.  First, I wrote the robot subjects.  Second, I wrote the mind subjects.  Third, I wrote the robot mind subjects.  In this way, I prepared to program a robot mind by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Conglish (Computational English) degree.

23.   I prepared to be perfectly healthy.  I did this by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Medicine degree.  First, I wrote the organ subjects.  Second, I wrote the theological surgery subjects.  Third, I wrote the organ sutra subjects.  In this way, I prepared to be perfectly healthy by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Medicine degree.

24.   I prepared to be a Pedagogue.  I did this by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Pedagogy degree.  First, I wrote the philosophy subjects.  Second, I wrote the writing subjects.  Third, I wrote the job requirements subjects.  In this way, I prepared to be a Pedagogue by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Pedagogy degree.

25.  I prepared to be a meditator.  I did this by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Meditation degree.  First, I wrote the philosophy subjects.  Second, I wrote the 50 breasonings per utterance subject.  Third, I wrote the job requirements subjects.  In this way, I prepared to be a meditator by writing 10 80-breasoning subjects to be with-it in a Meditation degree.

26.   I prepared to be a critic (in fact, a positive commentator).  I did this by buying the banana at the bargain basement.  First, I walked down the stairs to the bargain basement.  Second, I ordered the banana.  Third, I paid for the banana.  In this way, I prepared to be a critic (in fact, a positive commentator) by buying the banana at the bargain basement.

27.   I prepared to make sure the country was safe.  I did this by observing the law beckon the subject, like observing a person smell a pink flower.  First, I observed the left-wing lawyers arrive at the office.  Second, I observed them select a subject.  Third, I observed them write the subject.  In this way, I prepared to make sure the country was safe by observing the law beckon the subject, like observing a person smell a pink flower.

28.   I prepared to find the centre of a cross.  I did this by crossing over the knitting needles.  First, I placed the first knitting needle pointing to me on the table.  Second, I found the middle of the knitting needle and another knitting needle.  Third, I made a cross by placing the second knitting needle on the first knitting needle on the table.  In this way, I prepared to find the centre of a cross by crossing over the knitting needles.

29.   I prepared to determine that hydrogen had been produced by the reaction.  I did this by conducting the hydrogen pop test.  First, I added magnesium to diluted acid in a test tube in a rack, followed by placing my finger over the end of the test tube.  Second, I observed bubbles of hydrogen rise from the magnesium, followed by releasing the pressure from the test tube while bringing a lit match to the end of the test tube.  Third, I listened to the 'pop' sound.  In this way, I prepared to determine that hydrogen had been produced by the reaction by conducting the hydrogen pop test.

30.   I prepared to make enough up.  I did this by closing the gate.  First, I wrote the first course.  Second, I prepared to write the next course.  Third, I repeated this until I had written all the courses.  In this way, I prepared to make enough up by closing the gate.

"]