["Green, L 2021, <i>Computational English Argument 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Computational English Argument 4 of 4

31.I prepared to discover the protein code.  I did this by writing that Bioschemistry (sic) referred to computational biochemistry, the study of the computational nature of proteins.  First, I discovered the first biochemical reaction.  Second, I prepared to discover the next biochemical reaction.  Third, I repeated this until I had discover all the biochemical reactions and the desired result had been achieved.  In this way, I prepared to discover the protein code by writing that Bioschemistry (sic) referred to computational biochemistry, the study of the computational nature of proteins.

32.I prepared to make a protein computer.  I did this by writing that Bicochemistry (sic) referred to biochemical computation, the study of the manipulation of the computational nature of proteins.  First, I caused the first biochemical reaction.  Second, I prepared to observe the next biochemical reaction.  Third, I repeated this until I had observed all the biochemical reactions and the desired result had been achieved.  In this way, I prepared to make a protein computer by writing that Bicochemistry (sic) referred to biochemical computation, the study of the manipulation of the computational nature of proteins.

33.I prepared to help with one threshold. I did this by choosing one threshold. First, I interpreted it. Second, I chose God (philosopher) lines. Third, I liked it. In this way, I prepared to help with one threshold by choosing one threshold.

34.I prepared to write laws. I did this by writing laws and guidelines for writing breasonings currency. First, I made compost. Second, I found a mug. Third, I drank from it. In this way, I prepared to write laws by writing laws and guidelines for writing breasonings currency.

35.I prepared to write on you too. I did this by writing topics to write breasonings currency on. First, I wrote the artemis ardamon. Second, I wrote you, As. Third, I like your rods. In this way, I prepared to write on you too by writing topics to write breasonings currency on.

36.I prepared to know Artemis. I did this by researching the product of the breasoning currency. First, I wrote on the breasoning currency. Second, I held aloft the Parises Whittaker. Third, I knew about Dick Whittington. In this way, I prepared to know Artemis by researching the product of the breasoning currency.

37.I prepared to write on breasonings currency. I did this by instituting training in Pedagogy. First, I found the raptures. Second, I held up too soon. Third, I had specialised breasonings currency writing training. In this way, I prepared to write on breasonings currency by instituting training in Pedagogy.

38.I prepared to join up doughnut religion (philosophy). I did this by training in philosophy. First, I wrote philosophy. Second, I wrote on tizziwinkle's flappings. Third, I designed you. In this way, I prepared to join up doughnut religion (philosophy) by training in philosophy.

39.I prepared to unend things. I did this by training in creative writing. First, I gained the confidence to pick up the pen. Second, I gained the confidence to write. Third, I breasoned out the breasonings. In this way, I prepared to unend things by training in creative writing.

40.I prepared to . I did this by training in business. First, I stated, 'That's what the word currency is about'. Second, I identified the receipt. Third, I designed you too. In this way, .

41.I prepared to dine on the quince. I did this by researching breasonings currency with ethics approval. First, I designed ethics approval. Second, I designed the man's manuscripts. Third, I held the effigies. In this way, I prepared to dine on the quince by researching breasonings currency with ethics approval.

42. I prepared to connect 50 As to each sentence. I did this by setting breasonings currency medicine as the domain of my PhD. First, I researched the medicinal requirements of the product. Second, I wrote the epistemological details about it. Third, I held the nanotode (sic). In this way, I prepared to connect 50 As to each sentence by setting breasonings currency medicine as the domain of my PhD.

"]