["Green, L 2021, <i>Computational English is like a Calculator 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Computational English is like a Calculator 2 of 4

11.   I prepared to write 'I ate the apple' and 'I ate the apple, therefore I gained energy', therefore 'I gained energy'.  I did this by writing that 'and' in Ball Prolog is represented by the ball travelling forwards.  First, I observed that the ball started at the position of the first proposition.  Second, I watched it roll along the track, representing the conjunction.  Third, I observed that the ball finished at the position of the second proposition.  In this way, I prepared to write 'I ate the apple' and 'I ate the apple, therefore I gained energy', therefore 'I gained energy' by writing that 'and' in Ball Prolog is represented by the ball travelling forwards.

12.   I prepared to find the first store-holder who could sell me produce.  I did this by writing that 'or' in Ball Prolog is represented by up to n automata being used.  First, I tested whether the first automaton was successful.  Second, I prepared to test whether the next automaton was successful.  Third, I repeated this until an automaton was successful.  In this way, I prepared to find the first store-holder who could sell me produce by writing that 'or' in Ball Prolog is represented by up to n automata being used.

13.   I prepared to change the automaton to enable the correct ball to reach the end of the automaton.  I did this by stating that when a ball failed to reach the end of an automaton (like tracing the input and output of a line) the result was recorded.  First, I inserted the ball into the automaton.  Second, I observed the ball stop before reaching the correct end point.  Third, I wrote down the position that it had reached.  In this way, I prepared to change the automaton to enable the correct ball to reach the end of the automaton by stating that when a ball failed to reach the end of an automaton (stopped before reaching the end) the result was recorded.

14.   I prepared to watch the game.  I did this by computing that the characters who used the stool one at a time shared it by using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I watched the first character use the stool.  Second, I prepared to watch the next character use the stool.  Third, I watched each character use the stool.  In this way, I prepared to watch the game by computing that the characters who used the stool one at a time shared it by using the Computational English Calculator.

15.  I prepared to observe the person friendlily shake another character's hand.  I did this by hierarchically computing that a character was popologically positive using Computational English. First, I imagined visited the character's house.  Second, I imagined opening the character's chest of draws.  Third, I verified that the character's bathing costume had been cleaned since being recently used, indicating the character was positive.  In this way, I prepared to observe the person friendlily shake another character's hand by hierarchically computing that a character was popologically positive using Computational English.

16.   I prepared to say the land was fair.  I did this by calculating that the rights of the societological groups were equal.  First, I wrote down the first group's right.  Second, I prepared to test that the second group's right was equal to the first group's right.  Third, I repeated this until I had determined that each right of each group was equal to the first group's right.  In this way, I prepared to say the land was fair by calculating that the rights of the societological groups were equal.w

17.   I prepared to be chosen as a librarian.  I did this by calculating the highest structures in society to write about using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I wrote down the height of the first structure in society.  Second, I inserted the second structure in society from highest to lowest into the list of structures.  Third, I repeated this until I had sorted the list of structures from highest to lowest.  In this way, I prepared to be chosen as a librarian by calculating the highest structures in society to write about using the Computational English Calculator.

18.   I prepared to write an argument.  I did this by calculating a breasoning list item based on another one using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I wrote down the first breasoning. Second, I wrote down a synonymous breasoning or a breasoning used by the same algorithm as the first breasoning.  Third, I wrote down the second breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to write an argument by calculating a breasoning list item based on another one using the Computational English Calculator.

19.   I prepared to connect the breasoning to the rhizome.  I did this by writing down an idea in the essay from the area of study corresponding to the breasoning.  First, I wrote down the category from the area of study.  Second, I wrote down the breasoning.  Second, I wrote a rhizome from the category intersecting with the breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to connect the breasoning to the rhizome by writing down an idea in the essay from the area of study corresponding to the breasoning.

20.  I prepared to point the rhizome to the argument, where the rhizome is an acceptable endpoint of the area of study.  I did this by connecting the breasoning to the rhizome.  First, I wrote the breasoning.  Second, I wrote the rhizome.  Third, I wrote that clover, the breasoning, was an uncountable noun, a rhizome.  In this way, I prepared to point the rhizome to the argument, where the rhizome is an acceptable endpoint of the area of study, by connecting the breasoning to the rhizome.

"]