["Green, L 2021, <i>Intertextuality 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Intertextuality 3 of 4

21. I prepared to keep my mind and body active.  I did this by collecting the way's text to metaphysically keep my life's text open by supporting it.  First, I wrote from a single 80-breasonings-long A to 50 250-breasonings-long pedagogical argument.  Second, I breasoned out each object's X, Y and Z dimensions in each sentence of the argument.  Third, I supported myself living.  First, I prepared to keep my mind and body active by collecting the way's text to metaphysically keep my life's text open by supporting it.

22. I prepared to wear appropriate clothing to prevent being subject to terrorism (e.g. walk in a straight line).  I did this by verifying that the shirt's text matched the text about what I should wear.  First, I aimed to walk in the house.  Second, I wrote that I should wear a shirt to walk in the house.  Third, I wore the shirt.  In this way, I prepared to wear appropriate clothing to prevent being subject to terrorism (e.g. walk in a straight line) by verifying that the shirt's text matched the text about what I should wear.

23. I prepared to serve the peaches and cream.  I did this by treating the child (who had a text) to the liquefied prune (which had a text).  First, I asked her to eat the liquefied prune.  Second, I spooned them into the consenting child's mouth.  Third, I asked her to swallow it.  In this way, I prepared to serve the peaches and cream by treating the child (who had a text) to the liquefied prune (which had a text).

24. I prepared to turn the key to raise the model sun.  I did this by verifying the text was clear using a style guide.  First, I verified that the first sentence referred to an object.  Second, I prepared to verify that the next sentence referred to an object that was connected to an object previously referred to in the paragraph.  Third, I repeated this until I had verified that each sentence referred to an object that was connected to an object previously referred to in the paragraph, where a system is a set of joined objects in each paragraph.  In this way, I prepared to turn the key to raise the model sun by verifying the text was clear using a style guide.

25. I prepared to flip the argument vertically as part of the lower half of the Computational English diamond.  I did this by verifying the reasoning was correct using a reasoning guide.  First, I verified the first reasoning, e.g. D<-C.  Second, I prepared to verify the second reasoning, e.g. C<-B.  Third, I repeated this until I had verified each reasoning, e.g. C<-A.  In this way, I prepared to flip the argument vertically as part of the lower half of the Computational English diamond by verifying the reasoning was correct using a reasoning guide.

26. I prepared to be myself.  I did this by verifying the raison d'etre (reason to be) was correct using a raison d'etre guide.  First, I verified that the first grammar was correct, and so should be part of my being.  Second, I prepared to verify that the second grammar was correct, and so should be part of my being.  Third, I repeated this until I had verified that each grammar was correct, and so should be part of my being.  In this way, I prepared to be myself by verifying the raison d'etre (reason to be) was correct using a raison d'etre guide.

27. I prepared to present the pot, representing having had enough exercise.  I did this by writing that ^ (and) symbolized placing a new counter in the pot.  First, I placed a counter in the pot.  Second, I prepared to place another counter in the pot, where 'I placed a counter in the pot' and 'I placed another counter in the pot' were in conjunction.  Third, I repeated this until I had placed all the counters in the pot, where all the statements that I had placed a counter in the pot were in conjunction.  In this way, I prepared to present the pot, representing having had enough exercise by writing that ^ (and) symbolized placing a new counter in the pot.

28. I prepared to present the group of pots, one of which represented an athlete in the group having had enough preparation to win.  I did this by writing that v (or) symbolized placing a pot on the table.  First, I placed a pot on the table.  Second, I prepared to place another pot on the table, where 'I placed a pot on the table' and 'I placed another pot on the table' were in disjunction.  Third, I repeated this until I had placed all the pots on the table, where all the statements that I had placed a pot on the table were in disjunction.  In this way, I prepared to present the group of pots, one of which represented an athlete in the group having had enough preparation to win by writing that v (or) symbolized placing a pot on the table.

29. I prepared to measure the distance between the self and the other.  I did this by representing the self/other pair at points along the X axis.  First, I observed that the self was positioned at (1, 0, 0) (in metres).  Second, I observed that the other was positioned at (2, 0, 0) (in metres).  Third, given that the Y and Z values of the positions of the self and other, respectively, were equal to 0, I determined that the self and other were positioned at different points along the X axis.  In this way, I prepared to measure the distance between the self and the other by representing the self/other pair at points along the X axis.

30. I prepared to measure the distance and time between the person's positions and the times at those positions, respectively.  I did this by representing two points in space along the Y axis.  First, I observed that the person was positioned at (0, 1, 0) (in metres) at time = 1 second.  Second, I observed that the person was positioned at (0, 2, 0) (in metres) at time = 2 seconds.  Third, given that the X and Z values of the positions of the person were equal to 0 at 1 and 2 seconds, I determined that the person was positioned at different points along the Y axis at different points in time.  In this way, I prepared to measure the distance and time between the person's positions and the times at those positions, respectively by representing two points in space along the Y axis.

"]