["Green, L 2021, <i>Ratios 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Ratios 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to create a brain mousse.  I did this by writing a book for my brain.  First, I wrote a part about my senses.  Second, I wrote a part about my memory and cognition.  Third, I wrote a part about my muscles.  In this way, I prepared to create a brain mousse by writing a book for my brain.

22.   I prepared to examine the noumenon.  I did this by using the trivium.  First, I applied geometry to an idea.  Second, I applied logic to the idea.  Third, I applied grammar to the idea.  In this way, I prepared to examine the noumenon by using the trivium.

23.   I prepared to create the univer-sity.  I did this by observing that the non-cosmologist was protected when she paid the cosmologist meditation teacher for meditation training.  First, I delivered yogic training in meditation and medicine.  Second, I delivered business training in economics, pedagogical training, theological protection and development of specific area of study.  Third, I delivered professor training in creative writing, theatre, music, fine arts, film, etc.  In this way, I prepared to create the univer-sity by observing that the non-cosmologist was protected when she paid the cosmologist meditation teacher for meditation training.

24.   I prepared to facilitate book presentations.  I did this by operating the book club.  First, I read the first book, reviewed and rated it.  Second, I read the next book, the review and rating of which interested me.  Third, I repeated this until I had read all the books from an era.  In this way, I prepared to facilitate book presentations by operating the book club.

25.  I prepared to attain famous status in the department.  I did this by becoming a professor.  First, I wrote books.  Second, I analysed the material using professorial ways of thinking (breasoning 20 breasonings out per sentence).  Third, I, earned the prerequisite qualifications.  In this way, I prepared to attain famous status in the department by becoming a professor.

26.   I prepared to demonstrate sentient knowledge about grammar.  I did this by writing 10 (20) breasonings per sentence in my philosophy.  First, I decided to write about broccoli.  Second, I wrote 10 breasonings about it as a pedagogue.  Third, I wrote a further 10 about it as a professor.  In this way, I prepared to demonstrate sentient knowledge about grammar by writing 10 (20) breasonings per sentence in my philosophy.

27.   I prepared to show how the doll's digestive system was like a human's digestive system.  I did this by simulating the doll eating broccoli.  First, I explained to the listener that I didn't mean the doll actually ate the broccoli.  Second, I explained to the listener that I didn't mean that the broccoli ate the doll.  Third, I explained to the listener that I didn't mean a homophonous phrase 'dollie ting broccoli,' meaning that the doll appeared to strike a chime in the broccoli.  In this way, I prepared to show how the doll's digestive system was like a human's digestive system by simulating the doll eating broccoli.

28.   I prepared to paint ideas when writing my thesis.  I did this by writing the thesis.  First, I wrote a Derridean story.  Second, I wrote an algorithm.  Third, I reordered and synthesized the parts of the algorithm.  In this way, I prepared to paint ideas when writing my thesis by writing the thesis.

29.   I prepared to write down one idea at a time.  I did this by taking notes during the lecture.  First, I creatively structured the secondary text.  Second, I wrote it.  Third, I verified it.  In this way, I prepared to write down one idea at a time by taking notes during the lecture.

30.   I prepared to create a tofu ice cream pyramid.  I did this by scooping the tofu ice cream.  First, I held the scoop.  Second, I scooped a scoop of tofu ice cream.  Third, I continued to place scoops of tofu ice cream in the bowl until there were enough scoops.  In this way, I prepared to create a tofu ice cream pyramid by scooping the tofu ice cream.

"]