["Green, L 2021, <i>Subject Mix 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Subject Mix 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to be famous.  I did this by contacting famousness by giving the next book 5 As.  First, I looked on the informational retrieval system.  Second, I chose a book in the same genre.  Third, I gave 5 As to the next book.  In this way, I prepared to be famous by contacting famousness by giving the next book 5 As.

22.   I prepared to be developed.  I did this by breasoning out 50 As for a recording day.  First, I breasoned out a 250 breasoning As.  Second, I researched details for each of the other 15 As.  Third, I verified the script.  In this way, I prepared to be developed by breasoning out 50 As for a recording day.

23.   I prepared to be alive.  I did this by breasoning out 50 As per day on a recording day.  First, I learned meditation (read the book).  Second, I practised meditation  (recited the book) before the recording.  Third, I made the recording.  In this way, I prepared to be alive by breasoning out 50 As per day on a recording day.

24.   I prepared to be well known.  I did this by breasoning out 50 per important quote.  First, I breasoned out a 250 breasoning As.  Second, I researched details for each of the other 15 As.  Third, I verified the quote.  In this way, I prepared to be well known by breasoning out 50 per important quote.

25.  I prepared to exercise responsibility for a minor.  I did this by going down the slide.  First, I climbed the ladder of the slide.  Second, I sat at the top of the slide.  Third, I went down the slide.  In this way, I prepared to exercise responsibility for a minor by going down the slide.

26.   I prepared to play Head of State.  I did this by serving the pineapple.  First, I cut the pineapple skin off and sliced it.  Second, I placed a pineapple slice on a plate.  Third, I served the pineapple to the first man.  In this way, I prepared to play Head of State by serving the pineapple.

27.   I prepared to feed the people.  I did this by eating the pomegranate seeds.  First, I extracted the pomegranate seeds.  Second, I placed them on a plate.  Third, I ate them.  In this way, I prepared to feed the people by eating the pomegranate seeds.

28.   I prepared to teach the 10 year-old child meditation (philosophy).  I did this by preparing for the meditator (philosophical) baby.  First, I learnt meditation (philosophy) from a teacher.  Second, I practised meditating on 80 lucian mantras and 80 green sutras per (read philosophy each) day while the mother was pregnant.  Third, I observed the uneventful birth.  In this way, I prepared to teach the 10 year-old child meditation (philosophy) by preparing for the meditator (philosophical) baby.

29.   I prepared to enact my prayers (plans).  I did this by worshipping God (talking to the master).  First, I found the master.  Second, I selected a topic of conversation.  Third, I talked to the master.  In this way, I prepared to enact my prayers (plans) by worshipping God (talking to the master).

30.   I prepared to adopt the baby.  I did this by eating the lolly.  First, I unwrapped the lolly.  Second, I placed it in my mouth.  Third, I lolled the lolly in my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to adopt the baby by eating the lolly.

"]