["Green, L 2021, <i>Philosophical Computational English 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Philosophical Computational English 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to write quickly and clearly.  I did this by stating that I was mentally fit to write many As. First, I consulted the doctor.  Second, he gave me a certificate.  Third, I wrote many As.  In this way, I prepared to write quickly and clearly by stating that I was mentally fit to write many As.

22.   I prepared to form the movie poster.  I did this by preventing the mistake becoming a big idea to earn an acting role.  First, I wrote the mistake (correction).  Second, I wrote the big idea appearance (movie poster).  Third, I prevented writing that the mistake would be transformed into a big idea.  In this way, I prepared to form the movie poster by preventing the mistake becoming a big idea to earn an acting role.

23.   I prepared to teach meditation in France.  I did this by translating meditation into other languages, for example French.  First, I looked up the word in the first language.  Second, I found the word in the second language.  Third, I wrote down the word in the second language.  In this way, I prepared to teach meditation in France by translating meditation into other languages, for example French.

24.   I prepared to teach pedagogy in Italy.  I did this by translating pedagogy into other languages, for example Italian.  First, I looked up the word in the first language.  Second, I found the word in the second language.  Third, I wrote down the word in the second language.  In this way, I prepared to teach pedagogy in Italy by translating pedagogy into other languages, for example Italian.

25.  I prepared to teach medicine in Germany.  I did this by translating medicine into other languages, for example German.  First, I looked up the word in the first language.  Second, I found the word in the second language.  Third, I wrote down the word in the second language.  In this way, I prepared to teach medicine in Germany by translating medicine into other languages, for example German.

26.   I prepared to teach Computational English in Spain.  I did this by translating Computational English into other languages, for example Spanish.  First, I looked up the word in the first language.  Second, I found the word in the second language.  Third, I wrote down the word in the second language.  In this way, I prepared to teach Computational English in Spain by translating Computational English into other languages, for example Spanish.

27.   I prepared to paint the child's nursery.  I did this by thinking of meeting 50 influential people before conceiving the baby.  First, I thought of famous categories.  Second, I thought of their personalities.  Third, I thought of their thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to paint the child's nursery by thinking of meeting 50 influential people before conceiving the baby.

28.   I prepared to developedly (sic) rebreason out (think of the verb that connects the subject and object) the combination of two sentences.  I did this by undevelopedly (sic) breasoning out two sentences that I would combine.  First, I developedly breasoned out undeveloped breasonings.  Second, undeveloped breasonings were developedly breasoned out.  Third, the undeveloped breasonings were attributed to the students.  In this way, I prepared to developedly rebreason out (think of the verb that connects the subject and object) the combination of two sentences by undevelopedly breasoning out two sentences that I would combine.

29.   I prepared to write a secondary text.  I did this by writing a 20-breasoning (80-breasoning) long sequence for a sentence with original content, rather than referenced content.  First, I looked up breasonings for the sentence and the argument corresponding to these breasonings.  Second, I wrote an algorithm connecting the sentence with the pointed to developed breasoning.  Third, I wrote an algorithm connecting the sentences together, and omitted the connection in the text.  In this way, I prepared to write a secondary text by writing a 20-breasoning (80-breasoning) long sequence for a sentence with original content, rather than referenced content.

30.   I prepared to list influences on the philosophy chapter (contra by in English).  I did this by writing 5 190 breasoning As per chapter.  First, I wrote an A as the chapter.  Second, I wrote a theologically themed A.  Third, I wrote a politically themed A.  In this way, I prepared to list influences on the philosophy chapter (contra by in English) by writing 5 190 breasoning As per chapter.

"]