["Green, L 2021, <i>Ratios 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Ratios 1 of 4



1. One can tell the difference between two time intervals with a lower ratio more easily, e.g. 15 and 20 minutes rather than 20 and 25 minutes.

Grouping ideas together

- Ratios

- wall to house on two sides

- window to wall and wall to house

- Grouping parts of literature together

- way of thinking, if two men meet, should one help (if the other one will help cure his mother or if they will pay him money) or kill the other one (if he will usurp the throne or try to kill him first)

1a.     I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for answering the question correctly.  I did this by eating the lolly snake.  First, I ate the head of the lolly snake.  Second, I prepared to eat the next part of the lolly snake.  Third, I repeated this until I had eaten all of the lolly snake.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for answering the question correctly by eating the lolly snake.

2.    I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for passing the ball correctly.  I did this by eating the lolly centipede.  First, I ate the head of the lolly centipede.  Second, I prepared to eat the next part of the lolly centipede.  Third, I repeated this until I had eaten all of the lolly centipede.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for passing the ball correctly by eating the lolly centipede.

3.     I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for correctly handling the person.  I did this by eating the lolly millipede.  First, I ate the head of the lolly millipede.  Second, I prepared to eat the next part of the lolly millipede.  Third, I repeated this until I had eaten all of the lolly millipede.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy being rewarded for correctly handling the person by eating the lolly millipede.

4.    I prepared to take action.  I did this by standing on the 'thereness' position.  First, I arrived at the 'thereness' position.  Second, I stood on the 'thereness' position.  Third, I took the happy snaps.  In this way, I prepared to take action by standing on the 'thereness' position.

5.    I prepared to neaten you.  I did this by being with you.  First, I found you.  Second, I spent time with you.  Third, I slotted in with you.  In this way, I prepared to neaten you by being with you.

6.    I prepared to attend the appointment.  I did this by verifying that I was on time.  First, I verified that the time of the hour hand was before the designated time.  Second, I verified that the time of the minute hand was before the designated time.  Third, I verified that the time of the second hand was before the designated time.  In this way, I prepared to attend the appointment by verifying that I was on time.

7.    I prepared to host a breasonings festival.  I did this by determining that the breasoner was the best.  First, I observed the breasoner earn the best job.  Second, I observed the breasoner bear the best child.  Third, I observed the breasoner earn the highest grades.  In this way, I prepared to host a breasonings festival by determining that the breasoner was the best.

8.    I prepared to achieve a peaceful result.  I did this by observing the diplomat achieving the result.  First, I found the contention.  Second, I found the side of the contention.  Third, I negotiated for this side of the contention.  In this way, I prepared to achieve a peaceful result by observing the diplomat achieving the result.

9.     I prepared to write how the 190 breasonings could be used to manufacture the musical composition.  I did this by stating that 190 breasonings were written for the musical composition.  First, I wrote the first breasoning.  Second, I prepared to write the next breasoning.  Third, I repeated this until I had written all the breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to write how the 190 breasonings could be used to manufacture the musical composition by stating that 190 breasonings were written for the musical composition.

10.   I prepared to earn 100%.  I did this by critically analysing the musical composition in an essay.  First, I wrote about the rhythm.  Second, I wrote about the beats.  Third, I wrote about the stew of it.  In this way, I prepared to earn 100% by critically analysing the musical composition in an essay.

"]