["Green, L 2021, <i>Exploring opposites in Hamlet 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Exploring opposites in Hamlet 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to scroll the text down and add a new conclusion at the vanishing point on the horizon.  I did this by concluding a new conclusion from two conclusions.  First, I read the first conclusion.  Second, I read the second conclusion.  Third, I wrote a third conclusion formed from the first clause in the first conclusion and the second clause in the second conclusion.  In this way, I prepared to scroll the text down and add a new conclusion at the vanishing point on the horizon by concluding a new conclusion from two conclusions.

22.   I prepared to show the characters in Hamlet failed (I prepared to show that we can learn from Hamlet).  I did this by critically evaluating Hamlet.  First, I wrote that Hamlet was mostly negative (positive).  Second, I wrote it was mostly with us.  Third, I wrote that it was English too.  In this way I prepared to show the characters in Hamlet failed (I prepared to show that we can learn from Hamlet) by critically evaluating Hamlet.

23.   I prepared to summarise the ontologies in Hamlet.  I did this by comparing similarities in Hamlet.  First, I wrote how all the negative (positive) ideas in Hamlet were similar.  Second, I wrote how all the positive ideas in Hamlet were similar.  Third, I recorded these.  In this way, I prepared to summarise the ontologies in Hamlet by comparing similarities in Hamlet.

24.   I prepared to contrast ontologies in Hamlet.  I did this by contrasting differences in Hamlet.  First, I contrasted positive and negative (positive) ideas in Hamlet.  Second, I recorded these.  Third, I delivered a speech about this contrast.  In this way, I prepared to contrast ontologies in Hamlet by contrasting differences in Hamlet.

25.  I prepared to listen to the high quality voice.  I did this by observing the international council encourage the better quality speaker to speak.  First, I observed the selector listen to the speaker.  Second, I observed the selector invite the speaker to the conference.  Third, I observed the speaker speak at the conference.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the high quality voice by observing the international council encourage the better quality speaker to speak.

26.   I prepared to write an argument about Hamlet.  I did this by arguing that Hamlet was positive.  First, I wrote that Hamlet provided epistemological data to be positive.  Second, I wrote that the epistemological data provided details of the suicide (which could be prevented).  Third, I prevented this.  In this way, I prepared to write an argument about Hamlet by arguing that Hamlet was positive.

27.   I prepared to observe the child write about Hamlet.  I did this by stating that the child was coaxed to the point.  First, I saw the child.  Second, I saw that the child was coaxed to the point.  Third, I wrote this down.  In this way, I prepared to observe the child write about Hamlet by stating that the child was coaxed to the point.

28.   I prepared to observe spoon-feeding at school.  I did this by observing the teacher spoon the student.  First, I observed that the student required the answer.  Second, I observed the teacher recognise this.  Third, I observed the teacher spoon the answer to the student.  In this way, I prepared to observe spoon-feeding at school by observing the teacher spoon the student.

29.   I prepared to consolidate the breasoning chapters from my postgraduate qualification by writing essays based on them.  I did this by writing that my work would as high quality as 50 As because I would write arguments when I was available.  First, I studied a postgraduate qualification.  Second, I wrote breasoning chapters.  Third, I wrote essays based on these.  In this way, I prepared to consolidate the breasoning chapters from my postgraduate qualification by writing essays based on them by writing that my work would as high quality as 50 As because I would write arguments when I was available.

30.   I prepared to observe the movement between the bodies.  I did this by connecting breasonings and area of study points as arguments.  First, I wrote that the apple was on the plate.  Second, I wrote that the fruit on the plate would be eaten.  Third, I wrote that the apple would be eaten.  In this way, I prepared to observe the movement between the bodies by connecting breasonings and area of study points as arguments.

"]