["Green, L 2021, <i>Radical Difference 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Radical Difference 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to identify multiple roots. I did this by identifying the radical (root) of life. First, I identified the first (root) thought. Second, I identified the second thought. Third, I identified the third thought. In this way, I prepared to identify multiple roots by identifying the radical (root) of life.

32   I prepared to go to heaven (e.g. walking on dry land). I did this by identifying the difference in life. First, I identified the sailor. Second, I identified him on the boat. Third, I identified him walking on land. In this way, I prepared to go to heaven (e.g. walking on dry land) by identifying the difference in life.

33.    I prepared to define a contention and write arguments for and against a side.  I did this by writing 8 area of study points.  First, I wrote that 8 was the minimum number of area of study points.  Second, I connected these in an argument structure.  Third, I applied that area of philosophy to the ideas.  In this way, I prepared to define a contention and write arguments for and against a side by writing 8 area of study points.

34   I prepared to debate the algorithm.  I did this by writing 95 area of study points.  First, I wrote the reason, objection, rebuttal and connection with a previous reason or objection in that paragraph.  Second, I repeated this for 5 reasons per paragraph.  Third, I repeated this for 5 paragraphs.  In this way, I prepared to debate the algorithm by writing 95 area of study points.

35   I prepared to compare breasonings currency subject with the idea.  I did this through radical verificationism.  First, I compared the breasonings currency subject with sex.  Second, I looked at the rod.  Third, I prevented it from entering the void.  In this way, I prepared to compare breasonings currency subject with the idea through radical verificationism.

36   I prepared to write on different contentions.  I did this through examinationism.  First, I examined the reason.  Second, I examined it further.  Third, I examined it one more time.  In this way, I prepared to write on different contentions through examinationism.

37   I prepared to be a writer.  I did this by studying short courses throughout my life and writing a maximum of 80 breasonings per day per student.  First, I write 13 and 1/3 paragraphs per day.  Second, I stated each of these contained 6 sentences.  Third, I wrote this equalled 80 breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to be a writer by studying short courses throughout my life and writing a maximum of 80 breasonings per day per student.

38   I prepared to make fine distinctions.  I did this by writing a maximum of 80 breasonings per day per actor in the production.  First, I breasoned out 10 breasonings per each of the 10 characters.  Second, I attributed the other breasonings to Aigs (I asked the acting agents to work on them).  Third, I breasoned out 80 breasonings per day for everyone, to keep their heads comfortable.  In this way, I prepared to make fine distinctions by writing a maximum of 80 breasonings per day per actor in the production.

39.    I prepared to affirm that I was well.  I did this by writing academic aims for some arguments.  First, I wrote the academic aim.  Second, I wrote the argument for it.  Third, I connected molyhedrons (sic) and the antipsychotic medication.  In this way, I prepared to affirm that I was well by writing academic aims for some arguments.

40   I prepared to dress the perspective for excavation.  I did this by writing industry aims for some arguments.  First, I wrote the movie.  Second, I wrote the play.  Third, I wrote the song.  In this way, I prepared to dress the perspective for excavation by writing industry aims for some arguments.

41.    I prepared to promote my books.  I did this by reading the arguments' statistics.  First, I wrote a essay of the most popular arguments.  Second, I wrote a secondary text of the most popular arguments.  Third, I wrote a translation of the most popular arguments.  In this way, I prepared to promote my books by reading the arguments' statistics.

42   I prepared to solve the other writer's ideas in my writing.  I did this by preventing theft of my arguments.  First, I read my ideas.  Second, I read the ideas written by the other writer.  Third, I verified that each set was unique.  In this way, I prepared to solve the other writer's ideas in my writing by preventing theft of my arguments.

"]