["Green, L 2021, <i>Exploring opposites in Hamlet 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Exploring opposites in Hamlet 1 of 4



1. Hamlet is either closer or further away from Claudius than Gertrude.

1a.     I prepared to reassure Hamlet.  I did this by holding the skull.  First, the clown entertained me.  Second, I was at the deathbed of the clown.  Third, I held the skull of the clown when digging the grave for the girl.  In this way, I prepared to reassure Hamlet by holding the skull.

2.    I prepared to give a colleague my map.  I did this by exploring the skull cave.  First, I pressed the stone button.  Second, I followed the secret passage.  Third, I made a map.  In this way, I prepared to give a colleague my map by exploring the skull cave.

3.     I prepared to slingshot the seeds to the next island.  I did this by finding the treasure at the cross of palm trees.  First, I scouted.  Second, I measured.  Third, I built.  In this way, I prepared to slingshot the seeds to the next island by finding the treasure at the cross of palm trees.

4.    I prepared to copy waltzing Matilda.  I did this by following Matilda.  First, I followed the directions of use of the shampoo.  Second, I followed the directions of use of the conditioner.  Third, I allowed the sheep to escape into the night.  In this way, I prepared to slingshot the seeds to the next island by finding the treasure at the cross of palm trees.

5.    I prepared to fit the wheel's axle.  I did this by noticing the line in the cylinder.  First, I drew a point.  Second, I drew a circle around the point.  Third, I extruded a cylinder from the circle around the line in the cylinder extruded from the point.  In this way, I prepared to fit the wheel's axle by noticing the line in the cylinder.

6.    I prepared to eat the burger.  I did this by observing the man rise again (eat a meal).  First, I observed the man perform a handstand.  Second, I thought Jesus might be seen as a blue man ascending to the ceiling.  Third, I thought that cosmology might be the form the ascension was in.  In this way, I prepared to eat the burger by observing the man rise again (eat a meal).

7.    I prepared to take a leaf from my mother's book of morals.  I did this by being given the Computational English Godhead.  First, I determined the location of the scene.  Second, I devised my own goodness classes.  Third, I determined the seen-as version of God, Computational English.  In this way, I prepared to take a leaf from my mother's book of morals by being given the Computational English Godhead.

8.    I prepared to explore characters dying in Hamlet without being supported in doing so.  I did this by exposing the opposites in Hamlet.  First, I exposed the murder of Hamlet's father without his murderer being supported in murdering him.  Second, I exposed the suicide of Ophelia without her being supported in dying.  Third, I exposed the death of the characters in the final scene, including Hamlet, without being supported in dying.  In this way, I prepared to explore characters dying in Hamlet without being supported in doing so by exposing the opposites in Hamlet.

9.     I prepared to help up new people.  I did this by observing the professor writing 250 breasonings to be given 50 As for his book.  First, I wrote 50 As for the book.  Second I was featured in the broadcast about the book.  Third, the book was made famous in an education subject.  In this way, I prepared to help up new people by observing the professor writing 250 breasonings to be given 50 As for his book.

10.   I prepared to trust the appearances of God (the master).  I did this by trusting the bible (the book about philosophy).  First, I gave credence to stills.  Second, I read the testimony to the film.  Third, I accepted the undertaking of the audio track.  In this way, I prepared to trust the appearances of God (the master) by trusting the bible (the book about philosophy).

"]