["Green, L 2021, <i>Analysing characteristics of arguments 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Analysing characteristics of arguments 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to observe the mouse man ascend the group of slopes.  I did this by observing the mouse man run up the slope.  First, I observed the mouse man stand at the foot of the slope.  Second, I observed the mouse running up the slope.  Third, I observed the mouse stop at the top of the slope.  In this way, I prepared to observe the mouse man ascend the group of slopes by observing the mouse man run up the slope.

22.   I prepared to get a free treat.  I did this by loving God (I hugged the master).  First, I walked to the master.  Second, I held his shoulders.  Third, I hugged him.  In this way, I prepared to get a free treat by loving God (I hugged the master).

23.   I prepared to write how the newspaper was influenced by my pedagogical argument.  I did this by writing that the newspaper was influenced by my pedagogical argument.  First, I observed the newspaper article writer read my pedagogical argument.  Second, I observed her write the article.  Third, I read the article.  In this way, I prepared to write how the newspaper was influenced by my pedagogical argument by writing that the newspaper was influenced by my pedagogical argument.

24.   I prepared to prepare for the first set of buildings in the Lucian Academy.  I did this by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for buildings.  First, I wrote the first collection of buildings had 5 As.  Second, I wrote that the second collection of buildings had 5 As.  Third, I wrote that the third collection of buildings had 5 As.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the first set of buildings in the Lucian Academy by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for buildings.

25.  I prepared to prepare for the first set of managers in the Lucian Academy.  I did this by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for managers.  First, I wrote the first collection of managers had 5 As.  Second, I wrote that the second collection of managers had 5 As.  Third, I wrote that the third collection of managers had 5 As.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the first set of managers in the Lucian Academy by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for managers.

26.   I prepared to prepare for the first set of teachers in the Lucian Academy.  I did this by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for teachers.  First, I wrote the first collection of teachers had 5 As.  Second, I wrote that the second collection of teachers had 5 As.  Third, I wrote that the third collection of teachers had 5 As.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the first set of teachers in the Lucian Academy by writing that the Lucian Academy had 5 As for teachers.

27.   I prepared to prepare for the first set of volunteers in the Lucian Academy.  I did this by writing that the Lucian Academy had 50 As for volunteers.  First, I wrote the first collection of volunteers had 50 As.  Second, I wrote that the second collection of volunteers had 50 As.  Third, I wrote that the third collection of volunteers had 50 As.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the first set of volunteers in the Lucian Academy by writing that the Lucian Academy had 50 As for volunteers.

28.   I prepared to demonstrate initiative in the industry.  I did this by observing the voluntary student write the philosophy essay.  First, I observed her write the exposition.  Second, I observed her write the critique.  Third, I observed her write the introduction and conclusion of the essay.  In this way, I prepared to demonstrate initiative in the industry by observing the voluntary student write the philosophy essay.

29.   I prepared to build a taskforce of meditation (philosophy) teachers.  I did this by teaching the volunteer meditation (philosophy).  First, she gave me a donation for the degree.  Second, I taught her the utterance (word).  Third, I allowed her to repeat the utterance (word).  In this way, I prepared to build a taskforce of meditation (philosophy) teachers by teaching the volunteer meditation (philosophy).

30.   I prepared to teach meditation (societology).  I did this by watching the manager give permission to advertise at the market.  First, I asked the manager for permission to advertise at the market.  Second, I watched the manager consider whether to give permission to advertise at the market.  Third, I watched the manager give permission to advertise at the market.  In this way, I prepared to teach meditation (societology) by watching the manager give permission to advertise at the market.

"]