["Green, L 2021, <i>Lenses 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Lenses 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to found the most prestigious University.  I did this by noting that the University's assignments were supported with 250 250 breasoning As.  First, each student was given 50 80 breasoning As through books' breasoning lists, their own work and lecturers' help.  Second, 16 of these students were educated in this fashion.  Third, the students experienced each other in high quality ways.  In this way, I prepared to found the most prestigious University by noting that the University's assignments were supported with 250 250 breasoning As.

12.   I prepared to walk along the path.  I did this by critically analyzing (agreeing with) the philosophical seen-as version of God.  First, I wrote down God's action.  Second, I wrote down the philosophical seen-as version of God's action.  Third, I critically analysed this philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to walk along the path by critically analyzing (agreeing with) the philosophical seen-as version of God.

13.    I prepared to wear shoes.  I did this by loving myself by giving myself a foot rub.  First, I rubbed the soles of my feet.  Second, I rubbed the tops of my feet.  Third, I rubbed the sides of my feet.  In this way, I prepared to wear shoes by loving myself by giving myself a foot rub.

14.   I prepared to receive your payment.  I did this by giving you a back rub.  First, I rubbed the top of your back.  Second, I rubbed the middle of your back.  Third, I rubbed the bottom of your back.  In this way, I prepared to receive your payment by giving you a back rub.

15.   I prepared to exhibit my photograph.  I did this by using the camera (product).  First, I opened the box in the dark.  Second, I placed photographic paper on the opposite wall from the aperture in the box in the dark.  Third, I opened the aperture for 5 seconds to take a photograph in the light.  In this way, I prepared to exhibit my photograph by using the camera (product).

16.   I prepared to report a survey of diverse sexualities.  I did this by noting that people with different sexualities had similar outward physical characteristics by gender.  First, I noted the gay womens' appearances.  Second, I noted the straight womens' appearances.  Third, I concluded they were similar.  In this way, I prepared to report a survey of diverse sexualities by noting that people with different sexualities had similar outward physical characteristics by gender.

17.   I prepared to make sure As existed.  I did this by breasoning out (visualising the X, Y and Z dimensions of) the following A's objects for meditation (philosophy) for me about my meditation (philosophy) list members.  First, I dotted on the A.  Second, I breasoned out the following A's objects: apple (1, 1, 1 cm), apple (2, 2, 2 cm), apple (3, 3, 3 cm), apple (1.5, 1.5, 1.5 cm), apple (2.5, 2.5, 2.5 cm), apple (3, 3, 3 cm), apple (4, 4, 4 cm), apple (5, 5, 5 cm), apple (1.5, 1.5, 1.5 cm) and apple (2.5, 2.5, 2.5 cm).  Third, I took off the dot for the A.  In this way, I prepared to make sure As existed by breasoning out (visualising the X, Y and Z dimensions of) the following A's objects for meditation (philosophy) for me about my meditation (philosophy) list members.

18.   I prepared to experience marital bliss.  I did this by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for my relationship with my partner.  First, I breasoned out his ball.  Second, I breasoned out his rod.  Third, I breasoned out his face.  In this way, I prepared to experience marital bliss by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for my relationship with my partner.

19.    I prepared to experience bliss on Earth.  I did this by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for people who I met to experience 20 breasonings (12.5 As).  First, I taught them meditation (philosophy).  Second, I taught them yoga.  Third, I taught them yoga.

20.  I prepared to avoid a headache and death (be happy).  I did this by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for a recursive 'It's you' to be said everyone, their contacts, etcetera, to meditate.  First, I posted the letter to each person's family members.  Second, I posted the letter to each person's friends.  Third, I repeatedly posted the letter to family and friends of family and friends.  In this way, I prepared to avoid a headache and death (be happy) by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for a recursive 'It's you' to be said everyone, their contacts, etcetera, to meditate.

"]