["Green, L 2021, <i>Drawing connections 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Drawing connections 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to connect the students' thoughts together.  I did this by writing 50 breasonings per connection between sentences in philosophy.  First, I constructed the train track.  Second, I placed the train on it.  Third, I let the train drive on the track.  In this way, I prepared to connect the students' thoughts together by writing 50 breasonings per connection between sentences in philosophy.

32.   I prepared to go to heaven.  I did this by praying hard to the cosmologue (writing a thank you letter to the teacher).  First, I found her.  Second, I cancelled everything.  Third, I followed her forever.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven by praying hard to the cosmologue (writing a thank you letter to the teacher).

33.   I prepared to be interesting in English.  I did this by making the cosmological version look like the title and text.  First, I wrote the title and text.  Second, I invented the cosmological seen as version part looking like the title and text.  Third, I repeated the second step until the title and text had been covered with the available ideas.  In this way, I prepared to be interesting in English by making the cosmological version look like the title and text.

34.   I prepared to write a bestseller.  I did this by intertwining the idea of being the creator of the top selling product by genre with 250 breasonings.  First, I considered whether the product was a piece of art.  Second, I considered whether the product was a musical composition.  Third, I determined that the product was a book.  In this way, I prepared to write a bestseller by intertwining the idea of being the creator of the top selling product by genre with 250 breasonings.

35.   I prepared to write 250 breasonings for writing by students on the important quote.  I did this by writing 250 breasonings per important quote.  First, I determined that the quote stood out when memorised (contained key or important language).  Second, I determined the argument for the important quote.  Third, I wrote the argument for the important quote.  In this way, I prepared to write 250 breasonings for writing by students on the important quote by writing 250 breasonings per important quote.

36.   I prepared to ask for the connection.  I did this by writing suggestions for connections in an area study with 50 breasonings.  First, I wrote the first and second sentences.  Second, I wrote their connection and a question for their connection.  Third, I wrote 50 breasonings for each of their connection and a question for their connection.  In this way, I prepared to ask for the connection by writing suggestions for connections in an area study with 50 breasonings.

37.   I prepared to create culture for a period.  I did this by collecting the cosmological wording's 50 breasonings, as if they were connected to the area of study.  First, I wrote down a random number of breasonings.  Second, I wrote down the wording I had worked out (the 'cosmological wording').  Third, I wrote down the perfect appearances.  In this way, I prepared to create culture for a period by collecting the cosmological wording's 50 breasonings, as if they were connected to the area of study.

38.   I prepared to produce a viable product.  I did this by collecting 15 details for a total of 50 As.  First, I wrote 250 breasonings for the pop song.  Second, I wrote and breathsoned out the pop song.  Third, I wrote breathsonings associated with 15 of the other 16 250 breasoning As for a total of 50 80 breasoning As.  In this way, I prepared to produce a viable product by collecting 15 details for a total of 50 As.

39.   I prepared to play movies in hospital.  I did this by writing 50 As per production.  First, I earned 50 As to visit a psychiatric ward.  Second, I earned 50 As at the psychiatric ward.  Third, I earned 50 As studying Medicine.  In this way, I prepared to play movies in hospital by writing 50 As per production.

40.  I prepared to be as hot as Anarchy.  I did this by writing 50 As for the lead role (separately from the production).  First, I wrote on each department the lead role was interested in.  Second, I wrote on make-up.  Third, I wrote on hair.  In this way, I prepared to be as hot as Anarchy by writing 50 As for the lead role (separately from the production).

41.   I prepared to create a synthesis on the topic.  I did this by preparing 10 connections per student's paragraph.  First, I wrote a connection between education and philosophy (I wrote that the frying pan, like the table, had tofu, like the brain thought in it).  Second, I wrote a connection between philosophy and archeology (I wrote that the brain had a mind because the brain positively changed).  Third, I wrote a connection between archeology and education (I wrote that the brain contained a brain table with 8 molecules of strawberry sauce in it).  In this way, I prepared to create a synthesis on the topic by preparing 10 connections per student's paragraph.

42.   I prepared to become the most important modern day thinker.  I did this by imagining Hegel write.  First, I imagined him write 2.5 paragraphs.  Second, I imagined him write 50 breasonings per paragraph.  Third, I imagined him write 50 breasonings per connection.  In this way, I prepared to become the most important modern day thinker by imagining Hegel write.

"]