["Green, L 2021, <i>Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 1 of 4



1. How to use cut off infinite data.

How will the idea of infinite data, as in the following:

Do we inhabit a three-dimensional universe floating in a four-dimensional space?  What if the extra dimensions required by string theory were not curled up and  unobservably small, but unfurled and vast, extending forever? Could an invisible  universe only a tiny fraction of an inch apart in another dimension explain  phenomena that we see today in our world? A physicist may unravel the mysteries of the universe's hidden dimensions. One solution could be to describe an interval of data, concluding with a pointer to infinity.

1a.     I prepared to plan a town by cutting a wood board in half, which was described in the pedagogical argument.  I did this by switching the robot on to record the pedagogy database for everyone.  First, I switched the robot on to record the grammar.  Second, I looked at the robot recording the data.  Third, I thought of the robot recording the philosophicon (making sure there are single points at each point).  In this way, I prepared to plan a town by cutting a wood board in half, which was described in the pedagogical argument, by switching the robot on to record the pedagogy database for everyone.

2.     I prepared to attend the ball.  I did this by observing the robot hand creating the breasoning model with its reusable model-making kit.  First, I watched the robot hand create the circular crown of the top hat.  Second, I looked at the robot creating the cylindrical side piece of the top hat, which had two open ends, and attach it to the circular crown.  Third, I saw the robot create the circular brim of the top hat, which had a circle cut out of it, and attach it tot eh cylindrical side piece of the top hat.  In this way, I prepared to attend the ball by observing the robot hand creating the breasoning model with its reusable model-making kit.

3.     I prepared to watch the robot project the paper airplane by throwing it along a line parallel to the ground.  I did this by videoing the robot hand creating the breasoning model with its reusable model-making kit.  First, I observed the robot hand creating the paper airplane.  Second, I placed the video camera behind the paper airplane.  Third, I videoed the paper airplane for 4 seconds.  In this way, I prepared to watch the robot project the paper airplane by throwing it along a line parallel to the ground by videoing the robot hand creating the breasoning model with its reusable model-making kit.

4.     I prepared to spin the spinner to beat the flagellum.  I did this by 3D-printing the instructions for the robot hand to create the spinner, which started at the origin, went out and in to each vertex.  First, I copied the sequence of turns needed, 'left,' 'right,' 'right,' 'left,' which returned to being straight and contained the key left instruction, and which would be transformed when the spinner was folded, then removed the 'right,' 'right' and the second 'left' introns to leave the exon 'left' to turn left.  Second, I prepared to remove introns to fold the next perpendicular angle of the spinner.  Third, I repeated this until I had removed introns to fold all the perpendicular angles of the octahedral spinner string, completing the process of making and folding it.

5.     I prepared to exit the splash screen.  I did this by waiting until the 'true while n=1' infinite loop had been interrupted by input.  First, I started the infinite loop.  Second, I prepared to start the next iteration of the infinite loop.  Third, I exited the loop when a keystroke had been inputted.  In this way, I prepared to exit the splash screen by waiting until the 'true while n=1' infinite loop had been interrupted by input.

6.     I prepared to design a computer at home.  I did this by making the printable circuit to indicate nutritional requirements had been met.  First, I wrote a logical printable circuit point representing that the tofu patty had been eaten.  Second, I wrote a logical printable circuit point representing that enough protein had been eaten.  Third, I connected these logical printable circuit points with 'and' (to work when they were both true).  In this way, I prepared to design a computer at home by making the printable circuit to indicate nutritional requirements had been met.

7.     I prepared to write the next creative philosophy assignment.  I did this by observing an object travel along a finite path in the body simulation to me.  First, I called for the ball.  Second, I observed the ball being thrown to me..  Third, I caught the ball.  In this way, I prepared to write the next creative philosophy assignment by observing an object travel along a finite path in the body simulation to me.

8.     I prepared to program the robot to simulate his environment.  I did this by observing an object travel along a finite path in the physics simulation to me.  First, I calibrated the trundle wheel's mark with the start of the track.  Second, I walked 10 metres.  Third, I stopped when I had heard the tenth click, indicating the trundle wheel had travelled 10 meters.  In this way, I prepared to program the robot to simulate his environment by observing an object travel along a finite path in the physics simulation to me.

9.     I prepared to observe time as a simulacrum (imitation) of the ball.  I did this by observing an object travel along a finite path in the fourth dimension to me.  First, I placed the ball at the top of the ramp.  Second, I released the ball.  Third, I observed the ball exit the ramp at t=5 seconds.  In this way, I prepared to observe time as a simulacrum (imitation) of the ball by observing an object travel along a finite path in the fourth dimension to me.

10.    I prepared to make a profit.  I did this by observing an object travel along a finite path in the economic simulation to me.  First, I observed the customer see the lollipop advertisement.  Second, I saw the customer exchange money for the lollipop.  Third, I delivered the lollipop to the customer.  In this way, I prepared to make a profit by observing an object travel along a finite path in the economic simulation to me.

"]