["Green, L 2021, <i>Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to write how God invents pathways.  I did this by writing an original argument about Lucianic Meditation in my essay about the intersection of Heidegger and Daoism.  First, I read the literature.  Second, I thought of the universal implication of the literature.  Third, I wrote how the structure of Lucianic Meditation was similar to the structure of Daoism as pointed out by Heidegger.  In this way, I prepared to write how God invents pathways by writing an original argument about Lucianic Meditation in my essay about the intersection of Heidegger and Daoism.

32.    I prepared to examine my works.  I did this by verifying the grammar of each original reason in the essay with 10 reasons.  First, I wrote the first reason.  Second, I prepared to write the next reason.  Third, I repeated this until I had written 10 reasons.  In this way, I prepared to examine my works by verifying the grammar of each original reason in the essay with 10 reasons.

33.    I prepared to observe effective communication in the market.  I did this by writing breasonings currency.  First, I selected the product.  Second, I wrote how it would be useful to me.  Third, I accepted the seller's breasoning currency and the product in return for mine.  In this way, I prepared to observe effective communication in the market by writing breasonings currency.

34.    I prepared to list the finite data used as empirical evidence.  I did this by verifying using breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the plan for buying as the breasonings currency.  Second, I verified the buy from the first, second and third person perspectives.  Third, I verified the product's use.  In this way, I prepared to list the finite data used as empirical evidence by verifying using breasonings currency.

35.    I prepared to calculate the use by date of the product.  I did this by stating that breasonings currency works.  First, I calculate the time to prepared for buying the product.  Second, I calculated the time to register to buy the product.  Third, I calculate the time to use the product.  In this way, I prepared to calculate the use by date of the product by stating that breasonings currency works.

36.    I prepared to plan for the marriage in a finite way.  I did this by stating that there was breasonings currency for gay marriage.  First, I computed breasonings currency for meditation (philosophy).  Second, I computed breasonings currency for apple meditation (confirming the marriage every day).  Third, I computed breasonings currency for a possible intimate or companionship connection.  In this way, I prepared to plan for the marriage in a finite way by stating that there was breasonings currency for gay marriage.

37.    I prepared to assign a finite amount of the product for a certain amount of breasonings currency.  I did this by assigning 1 to breasonings currency when a threshold reading was required.  First, I assigned the threshold to a certain number of As.  Second, I detected the threshold being reached.  Third, I allowed product to be given for this threshold.  In this way, I prepared to assign a finite amount of the product for a certain amount of breasonings currency by assigning 1 to breasonings currency when a threshold reading was required.

38.    I prepared to value the wedding.  I did this by stating that 50 As of breasonings currency would be charged in certain cases.  First, I noted that 50 As of breasoning currency were exchanged in marriage.  Second, I observed that 50 As of breasonings currency were exchanged when an employee was employed.  Third, I observed that 50 As of breasonings currency were exchanged when a product was developed.  In this way, I prepared to value the wedding by stating that 50 As of breasonings currency would be charged in certain cases.

39.    I prepared to state that a person's physiology limits her secrets.  I did this by stating that 80 was the possible maximum number of breasonings recommended to breason out per day, and 400 breasonings was the upper maximum.  First, I found the required number of breasonings per day.  Second, I determined that the rest of the breasonings would be completed for the person.  Third, I placed any breasonings in the communal account.  In this way, I prepared to state that a person's physiology limits her secrets by stating that 80 was the possible maximum number of breasonings recommended to breason out per day, and 400 breasonings was the upper maximum.

40   I prepared to record the number of breasonings.  I did this by stating that computers would complete the required number of breasonings.  First, I counted the number of breasonings already completed.  Second, I counted the number of breasonings required.  Third, I subtracted the number of breasonings already completed from the number of breasonings required to equal the number of computational breasonings required, and provided these.  In this way, I prepared to record the number of breasonings by stating that computers would complete the required number of breasonings.

41.    I prepared to craft unique viewpoints.  I did this by stating that people should plan ahead to have their own original content.  First, I computed a finite set of ideas relating to the idea.  Second, I computed the required ideas to relate these to.  Third, I related them.  In this way, I prepared to craft unique viewpoints by stating that people should plan ahead to have their own original content.

42.    I prepared to compare and contrast natural trends in breasonings currency where the writers haven't read each other's work.  I did this by computing the nature of the area of study.  First, I wrote how the area of study was done in nature.  Second, I wrote how the area of study was made in nature.  Third, I wrote how the area of study was held in nature.  In this way, I prepared to compare and contrast natural trends in breasonings currency where the writers haven't read each other's work by computing the nature of the area of study.

"]