["Green, L 2021, <i>Analysing characteristics of arguments 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Analysing characteristics of arguments 1 of 4



1. After reading a page on Agnès van Rees, the Director of the project Characteristics of Argumentative Discourse found using the Yahoo! search criteria of 'narratology, contention and characteristics', I became interested in resolution of differences of opinion in everyday discussion.

This gave me the following ideas:

Developmental Conglish, i.e. how if necessary raw evidence needs to be refined and shaped into an argument

Whether two sides of a debate are arguing on the same point.

Deciding which side of a given debate is right.

Do the premises in the argument satisfy all co-premises?

Do the premises work in all cases?

1a.     I prepared to eat with the duchess.  I did this by making the quince tart.  First, I cooked the quince.  Second, I prepared the pastry.  Third, I cooked the quince tart.  In this way, I prepared to eat with the duchess by making the quince tart.

2.    I prepared to visit the sea.  I did this by leading with the trident.  First, I found a group of people.  Second, I placed them in a line.  Third, I led them with a trident.  In this way, I prepared to visit the sea by leading with the trident.

3.     I prepared to spread love across the land.  I did this by teaching meditation (body metaphor) to the group of students.  First, I asked them to take the human resources test.  Second, I taught them about the mitigation strategies.  Third, I taught them the degree.  In this way, I prepared to spread love across the land by teaching meditation (body metaphor) to the group of students.

4.    I prepared to be a pedagogue-creator like Nietzsche.  I did this by moving the game counter forward.  First, I threw the dice.  Second, lifted the game counter.  Third, I placed it on the square ahead of the current square by the total number on the dice.  In this way, I prepared to be a pedagogue-creator like Nietzsche by moving the game counter forward.

5.    I prepared to be discreet with the winnings.  I did this by winning the game prize.  First, I lifted the game prize to my chest.  Second, I lifted it to my head.  Third, I lifted it above my head.  In this way, I prepared to be discreet with the winnings by winning the game prize.

6.    I prepared to describe the motion of the argument.  I did this by drawing arrows through layers of argument characteristics.  First, I found the first arrow.  Second, I extended it from the first reason.  Third, I pointed it at another reason.  In this way, I prepared to describe the motion of the argument by drawing arrows through layers of argument characteristics.

7.    I prepared to understand the argument.  I did this by solving problems relating to argument characteristics.  First, I solved the first container of problems relating to argument characteristics.  Second, I solved the second container of problems relating to argument characteristics.  Third, I solved the third container of problems relating to argument characteristics.  In this way I prepared to understand the argument by solving problems relating to argument characteristics.

8.    I prepared to wear the hat.  I did this by curving the hat around the head.  First, I located the head.  Second, I curved the hat around it.  Third, I pinned the hat closed.  In this way, I prepared to wear the hat by curving the hat around the head.

9.     I prepared to wear the shirtsleeve.  I did this by curving the shirtsleeve around the arm.  First, I located the arm.  Second, I curved the shirtsleeve around it.  Third, I safety pinned the shirtsleeve closed.  In this way, I prepared to wear the shirtsleeve by curving it around the arm.

10.   I prepared to wear the torso.  I did this by curving the shirt around the torso.  First, I located the torso.  Second, I curved the shirt around it.  Third, I stitched the shirt closed with a needle and thread.  In this way, I prepared to wear the shirt by curving the hat around the torso.

"]