["Green, L 2021, <i>Kolmogorov Hermeneutics 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Kolmogorov Hermeneutics 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to breason out the seen-as object, for each sentence of a VET course I wrote, with 5 breasonings.  I did this by writing 20 breasonings (an 80 breasoning-long A) per sentence.  First, I wrote the question's A.  Second, I wrote the answer's A.  Third, I wrote a connection A between the question A and answer A.  In this way, I prepared to breason out the seen-as object, for each sentence of a VET course I wrote, with 5 breasonings by writing 20 breasonings (an 80 breasoning-long A) per sentence.

22.   I prepared to use the symbols.  I did this by defining the symbols I used.  First, I wrote down the heart symbol.  Second, I wrote down the definition 'A'.  Third, I labeled the table 'Symbols Used'.  In this way, I prepared to use the symbols by defining the symbols I used.

23.   I prepared to teach the students face-to-face at the start of the course.  I did this by teaching Lucianic Meditation (Lucianic Philosophy) online.  First, I typographed the Book of Readings and Assessment Book.  Second, I advertised the course.  Third, I emailed the Books and the due date for all assessments to the student.  In this way, I prepared to teach the students face-to-face at the start of the course by teaching Lucianic Meditation (Lucianic Philosophy) online.

24.   I prepared to instruct the students how to retrieve the A.  I did this by uploading A to the system.  First, I researched the A.  Second, I wrote the A.  Third, I uploaded the A.  In this way, I prepared to instruct the students how to retrieve the A by uploading A to the system.

25.  I prepared to access the A on the system.  I did this by writing a 10-breasoning-long sequence (80-breasoning-long A).  First, I wrote the A.  Second, I gave it to the teacher.  Third, he gave me a love-of-wisdom letter as a reply.  In this way, I prepared to access the A on the system by writing a 10-breasoning-long sequence (80-breasoning-long A).

26.   I prepared to achieve my goal of kicking a goal.  A retired teacher who was church going (philosophy reading) practised meditation of the same standard as Buddhism, Transcendental Meditation and Lucianic Meditation (MSSBTL) (read a philosophy book).  First, I learnt meditation (Philosophy of Art) from a MSSBTL (appropriate) teacher.  Second, I meditated using 50 Breasonings per Utterances by repeating 50 sets of 5 breasonings, where the 5 breasonings were permeate in 5 seconds (breasoned out an A in my own time).  Third, I practised meditation (read literature) each day.  In this way, I prepared to achieve my goal of kicking a goal as a retired teacher who was church going (philosophy reading) by practising meditation of the same standard as Buddhism, Transcendental Meditation and Lucianic Meditation (MSSBTL) (read a philosophy book).

27.   I prepared to spread peace and happiness throughout the world.  I did this by planning the tour of Lord (philosopher) Lucian.  First, I applied for government tour grants.  Second, I applied for funding from philanthropists.  Third, I taught meditation to the public.  In this way, I prepared to spread peace and happiness throughout the world by planning the tour of Lord (philosopher) Lucian.

28.   I prepared to open a centre in each city.  I did this by applying for government tour grants by preparing for funding meetings by breasoning out 5 As, followed by 45 As in terms of brain sacrifices (Aigs, which are sets of As on systems, in fact, an A).  First, I wrote my aim.  Second, I wrote my reasons.  Third, I wrote a list of my supporters.  In this way, I prepared to open a centre in each city by applying for government tour grants.

29.   I prepared to attract regional support.  I did this by attracting philanthropists.  First, I prepared for broadcasts by breasoning out 250 breasonings.  Second, I wrote the prospectus of school business.  Third, I compiled the education materials.  In this way, I prepared to attract regional support by attracting philanthropists.

30.   I prepared to encourage meditators' friends to come to the centre to learn meditation.  I did this by teaching meditation in public by breasoning out 5 As.  First, I said the mantra.  Second, I told the audience members to repeat the mantra for 20 minutes twice per day silently in their heads.  Third, I said this would cultivate and remove thoughts from their minds, help their thoughts become more and more cultivated and surpass their thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to encourage meditators' friends to come to the centre to learn meditation by teaching meditation in public by breasoning out 5 As.

"]