["Green, L 2021, <i>Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to sum the two numbers.  I did this by observing an object travel along a finite path in the computer simulation to me.  First, I tied a knot in the first quipu string.  Second, I tied a knot in the second quipu string.  Third, I tied a knot in the third quipu string at the sum of the distances between the starts of the strings and the knots.  In this way, I prepared to sum the two numbers by observing an object travel along a finite path in the computer simulation to me.

12.    I prepared to be happy by travelling free of other people.  I did this by looking at each meditator (e.g. writer) meditating for (e.g. writing about) himself or herself.  First, the meditator (e.g. writer) received a text during meditation (e.g. writing).  Second, the writer wrote a text and verified it by reading it.  Third, as the meditator (e.g. writer) received a text, the writer proofread his text.  In this way,

13.    I prepared to watch the train being driven to the correct station.  I did this by catching the correct finitely long train.  First, I found the correct platform.  Second, I found the correct train.  Third, I found the correct seat.  In this way, I prepared to watch the train being driven to the correct station by catching the correct finitely long train.

14.    I prepared to record that the citizen was lawful.  I did this by observing the citizen following the law.  First, I looked at the person.  Second, I watched him reading the text.  Third, I observed him paraphrase the text.  In this way, I prepared to record that the citizen was lawful by observing the citizen following the law.  First, I looked at the person.

15.    I prepared to make money from critical thinking.  I did this by writing that the conclusion was for the good reason.  First, I wrote that the repleteness of the finite data list acted as the conclusion.  Second, I wrote that the reason for this conclusion was the multiple assigned to the list.  Third, I wrote that the multiple multiplied by the length of list per multiple resulted in the length of the list.  In this way, I prepared to make money from critical thinking by writing that the conclusion was for the good reason.

16.    I prepared to watch the lady.  I did this by observing the passenger plan her trip.  First, I listened to the lady say she booked the train ticket.  Second, I listened to her say she arrived at the train station.  Third, I listened to her say she boarded the train.  In this way, I prepared to watch the lady by observing the passenger plan her trip.

17.    I prepared to judge the way the other person was speaking.  I did this by watching the diareasoner identify the speech rate in her partner.  First, I counted the number of words over the time.  Second, I counted the number of minutes.  Third, I calculated the speech rate to equal the number of words divided by the number of minutes.  In this way, I prepared to judge the way the other person was speaking by watching the diareasoner identify the speech rate in her partner.

18.    I prepared to win over the side of the argument.  I did this by observing the partisan move to one side.  First, I observed the potential agreer query the argument.  Second, I delivered the argument as a professor.  Third, I observed the partisan agree with the professor.  In this way, I prepared to win over the side of the argument by observing the partisan move to one side.

19.    I prepared to be a good leader.  I did this by liking politics because of God.  First, I thought of what to say.  Second, I verified that it was a good thing to say, like God is good.  Third, I did what I said I would do.  In this way, I prepared to be a good leader by liking politics because of God.

20   I prepared to cover both sides of the argument.  I did this by oscillating between agreement and rebuttal.  First, I determined a reason agreeing with a main conclusion.  Second, I determined a rebuttal to an objection to the reason.  Third, I determined a reason for this rebuttal to the objection to the reason.  In this way, I prepared to cover both sides of the argument by oscillating between agreement and rebuttal.

"]