["Green, L 2021, <i>Radical Difference 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Radical Difference 3 of 4

21.    I prepared to be democratic. I did this by awarding agreement and disagreement (rebutting to the objection) the same mark. First, I wrote the sentence agreeing with the thesis statement. Second, I wrote the sentence disagreeing (e.g. agreeing) with the thesis statement. Third, I gave these two sentences the same mark. In this way, I prepared to be democratic by awarding agreement and disagreement (rebutting to the objection) the same mark.

22   I prepared to perform the negotiation. I did this by writing about disagreement as having the seen-as version of rebutting to an objection (e.g agreeing). First, I found the person. Second, I found her agreeing. Third, I agreed with her. In this way, I prepared to perform the negotiation by writing about disagreement as having the seen-as version of rebutting to an objection (e.g agreeing).

23   I prepared to pass the essay. I did this by exposing the idea of God in the first half of the essay. First, I found the word God in the primary text. Second, I agreed with the idea. Third, I wrote this in the first half of the essay. In this way, I prepared to pass the essay by exposing the idea of God in the first half of the essay.

24   I prepared to write a new essay argument. I did this by writing new connections in the essay. First, I wrote the first sentence, first sentence in the second half and a connection between them. Second, I prepared to do this with the next two sentences after these. Third, I repeated this until I had finished the whole essay. In this way, I prepared to write a new essay argument by writing new connections in the essay.

25   I prepared to breason out an argument for a particular developed thing. I did this by writing a breasoning list. First, I wrote the algorithm description list. Second, I wrote the expanded algorithms. Third, I reduced each line of each algorithm to a breasoning list. In this way, I prepared to breason out an argument for a particular developed thing by writing a breasoning list.

26   I prepared to disagree (e.g. agree) with the jointure and write a rhizome. I did this by joining breasonings to ideas in the area of study to write the essay. First, I wrote the breasoning 'I programmed the story maker using the computer'. Second, I wrote the idea the person followed the vascular-like halls in the building to reach the exit. Third, I wrote that I printed the pathways through the building's vasculature, like writing a story, on computer. In this way, I prepared to disagree (e.g. agree) with the jointure and write a rhizome by joining breasonings to ideas in the area of study to write the essay.

27   I prepared to write how Chinese characters are interesting. I did this by devising an alternative idea about a Chinese character's radical. First, I wrote the character nǚzǐ, meaning good. Second, I wrote its first radical, nǚ, meaning woman. Third, I wrote an alternative meaning for nǚ, nothingness. In this way, I prepared to write how Chinese characters are interesting by devising an alternative idea about a Chinese character's radical.

28   I prepared to protected people from being murdered (e.g. guided people on a positive path in life). I did this by simulating a friendly house by inviting many people around. First, I invited the ontology-bearer, where ontologies contain arguments. Second, I invited the algorithm-bearer, where algorithms process ontologies. Third, I invited the argument-bearer, where arguments are responses to the area of study that have rhizomes as reasons. In this way, I prepared to protected people from being murdered (e.g. guided people on a positive path in life) by simulating a friendly house by inviting many people around.

29   I prepared to write on the bible. I did this by agreeing, not disagreeing, in theology. First, I found the instance of God (e.g. the master). Second, I found his statement. Third, I agreed with it. In this way, I prepared to write on the bible by agreeing, not disagreeing, in theology.

30   I prepared to help actors earn money. I did this by forming an acting agency. First, I found actors. Second, I found roles. Third, I applied actors for roles. In this way, I prepared to help actors earn money by forming an acting agency.

"]