["Green, L 2021, <i>Derivability 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Derivability 1 of 4

1.     I prepared to visualise the dimensions of the object that a word represented.  I did this by writing the words on the pedagogy screen.  First, I set up the pedagogy screen.  Second, I wrote down the words on it.  Third, I drew the object on the screen.  In this way, I prepared to visualise the dimensions of the object that a word represented by writing the words on the pedagogy screen.

2.    I prepared to disseminate implication.  I did this by describing the logical operator ^i (and-implication).  First, I stated that And-Implication meant that A implies B is true when A is true.  Second, I stated that And-Implication meant that A implies B is true when B is also true.  Third, I stated that And-Implication meant that A implies B is true when A^B is also true.  In this way, I prepared to disseminate implication by describing the logical operator ^i (and-implication).

3.     I prepared to analyse conjunction.  I did this by describing the logical operator ^ (and).  First, I stated that And meant that A^B is true when A is true.  Second, I stated that And meant that A^B is true when B is also true.  Third, I stated that And meant that A^B is also true when 'I am thirsty' and 'The tea is available' is true.  In this way, I prepared to analyse conjunction by describing the logical operator ^ (and).

4.    I prepared to examine disjunction.  I did this by describing the logical operator v (or).  First, I stated that Or meant that AvB may be true when A is true.  Second, I stated that Or meant that A^B may be true when B is true.  Third, I stated that Or meant that AvB is true when 'I walked left' or 'I walked right' is true.  In this way, I prepared to examine disjunction by describing the logical operator v (or).

5.    I prepared to look at negation closely.  I did this by describing the logical operator not  (not).  First, I stated that Not meant that not A is true when A is false.  Second, I stated that Not meant that not A is false when A is true.  Third, I stated that Not meant that not A is true when 'I am not a merchant' is true.  In this way, I prepared to look at negation closely by describing the logical operator not  (not).

6.    I prepared to consider whether negated conjunction was correct.  I did this by describing the logical operator not ^ (not and).  First, I stated that Not-And meant that (not A)^B is true when A is false.  Second, I stated that Not-And meant that (not A)^B is true when B is also true.  Third, I stated that Not-And meant that (not A)^B is also true when 'I am not quenched' and 'The tea is available' is true.  In this way, I prepared to consider whether negated conjunction was correct by describing the logical operator not ^ (not and).

7.    I prepared to test negated disjunction.  I did this by describing the logical operator not v (not or).  First, I stated that Not-Or meant that (not A)vB may be true when A is false.  Second, I stated that Not-Or meant that (not A)vB may be true when B is true.  Third, I stated that Not-Or meant that (not A)vB is true when 'I didn't walk right' or 'I walked right' is true.  In this way, I prepared to test negated disjunction by describing the logical operator not v (not or).

8.    I prepared to determine a chessboard state where two pieces could have moved, as one in which the piece had moved to the further rank.  I did this by interpolating the chessboard state between two different chessboard states.  First, I listed the moved pieces.  Second, I wrote the chessboard state in which the piece had moved before the second piece had moved.  Third, otherwise, I wrote the two possible chessboard states in which either piece could have moved.  In this way, I prepared to determine a chessboard state where two pieces could have moved, as one in which the piece had moved to the further rank by interpolating the chessboard state between two different chessboard states.

9.     I prepared to write that there were more 100% grades than 50% grades.  I did this by drawing the probability curve for grades.  First, I drew a low middle of the curve.  Second, I drew a high right of the curve.  Third, I labelled the high right of the curve '100%'.   In this way, I prepared to write that there were more 100% grades than 50% grades by drawing the probability curve for grades.

10.   I prepared to align a line with the most likely road route.  I did this by determining the route that the driver had driven from A to B.  First, I drew the first point on the map.  Second, I drew the second point on the map.  Third, I ruled the route between them.  In this way, I prepared to align a line with the most likely road route by determining the route that the driver had driven from A to B.

"]