["Green, L 2021, <i>Conglish Reflection 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Conglish Reflection 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to argue for a universal presence of logicism.  I did this by whittling the nuance out.  First, I reflected the subject to act in a bottom-up manner.  Second, I reflected the verb to act in a bottom-up manner.  Third, I reflected the object to act in a bottom-up manner.  In this way, I prepared to argue for a universal presence of logicism by whittling the nuance out.

22.   I prepared to eat the frozen nectarine.  I did this by eating the frozen strawberry.  First, I found the plate with the frozen strawberry on it.  Second, I skewered the frozen strawberry with a fork.  Third, I placed in the frozen strawberry in my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to eat the frozen nectarine by eating the frozen strawberry.

23.   I prepared to go to heaven.  I did this by loving God (hugging the master).  First, I found the master.  Second, I hugged him.  Third, I finished hugging him after 50 seconds.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven by loving God (hugging the master).

24.   I prepared to lead life on planet Earth.  I did this by disagreeing with non-meditation (helped students to meditate).  First, I found the students.  Second, I taught them to meditate.  Third, I verified their meditation.  In this way, I prepared to lead life on planet Earth by disagreeing with non-meditation (helped students to meditate).

25.  I prepared to make the monopoles sing.  I did this by listening to Artie's speech.  First, I sat on the seat.  Second, I started listening to Artie's speech.  Third, I finished listening to Artie's speech when he had finished delivering it.  In this way, I prepared to make the monopoles sing by listening to Artie's speech.

26.   I prepared to guide by humanitas.  I did this by writing the web log (blog).  First, I researched the topic.  Second, I wrote on the topic.  Third, I advertised my blog entry on the social media site.  In this way, I prepared to guide by humanitas by writing the web log (blog).

27.   I prepared to notice that the work had been completed.  I did this by noticing the native helper.  First, I verified whether the first helper was native.  Second, I prepared to verify whether the second helper was native.  Third, I repeated this until I had verified that a helper was native.  In this way, I prepared to notice that the native helper had completed the work.

28.   I prepared to remove the scented lanolin form the wool.  I did this by smelling the wool.  First, I found the wool.  Second, I lifted it to my nose.  Third, I smelt it.  In this way, I prepared to remove the scented lanolin form the wool by smelling the wool.

29.   I prepared to build the house.  I did this by smelling the wood.  First, I found the freshly cut wood.  Second, I lifted it to my nose.  Third, I smelt it.  In this way, I prepared to build the house by smelling the wood.

30.   I prepared to experience heaven (goodness) on earth.  I did this by smelling the tinsel.  First, I found the tinsel.  Second, I lifted it to my nose.  Third, I smelt the metal sprayed on the PVC, which constituted the tinsel.  In this way, I prepared to experience heaven (goodness) on earth by smelling the tinsel.

"]