["Green, L 2021, <i>Lenses 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Lenses 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to keep the religion alive.  I did this by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for anyone who indicated meditation (societology) on that day.  First, I asked all my students whether they had meditated (read a societology book).  Second, they asked all their students whether their students had meditated (read a societology book).  Third, they repeated this until everyone had been given an A for meditation (read a page about societology).  In this way, I prepared to keep the religion alive by breasoning out a 10 breasoning A each day for anyone who indicated meditation (societology) on that day.

22.   I prepared to watch the parade on television.  I did this by letting the rows of citizens go past.  First, I let the first row of citizens go past.  Second, I prepared to let the next row of citizens go past.  Third, I repeated this until all the rows of citizens had gone past.  In this way, I prepared to watch the parade on television by letting the rows of citizens go past.

23.   I prepared to record the smell.  I did this by smelling the floret unit.  First, I positioned the floret under my nose.  Second, I inhaled.  Third, I smelt the floret.  In this way, I prepared to record the smell by smelling the floret unit.

24.   I prepared to protect the bird and his family.  I did this by preventing a nest being made, where the dog would have eaten the empty nest's contents.  First, I found the nest in the flow tree.  Second, I destroyed the nest.  Third, I let the dog in the back garden.  In this way, I prepared to protect the bird and his family by preventing a nest being made, where the dog would have eaten the empty nest's contents.

25.  I prepared to sustain peace.  I did this by communicating using the 'telegraph' pole.  First, I placed telegraph poles along the path the message was required to be passed along.  Second, I threaded wire along the row of telegraph poles.  Third, I communicated a message in the form of a signal along the wire from me 9the sender) to my receiver.  In this way, I prepared to sustain peace by communicating using the 'telegraph' pole.

26.   I prepared to upgrade the technology.  I did this by stably installing the telegraph pole.  First, I wrapped the wire in an insulator.  Second, I dug a hole.  Third, I installed the telegraph hole in the hole with the wire attached to the top of the pole.  In this way, I prepared to upgrade the technology by stably installing the telegraph pole.

27.   I prepared to perform the operation.  I did this by sterilising the instruments.  First, I placed them in the medium.  Second, I started the timer.  Third, I removed them from the medium after the time was up.  In this way, I prepared to perform the operation by sterilising the instruments.

28.   I prepared to help the man's sight back.  I did this by removing the glaucoma from the eye.  First, I prepared for the operation.  Second, I performed the operation.  Third, I finished the operation.  In this way, I prepared to help the man's sight back by removing the glaucoma from the eye.

29.   I prepared to absorb the blood.  I did this by placing a sponge during the operation.  First, I saw where there was blood.  Second, I placed the sponge there.  Third, I recorded the sponge number and location.  In this way, I prepared to absorb the blood by placing a sponge during the operation.

30.   I prepared to examine the specimen.  I did this by placing the specimen in the receptacle.  First, I gripped the testicle.  Second, I pulled it off.  Third, I placed it in the receptacle.  In this way, I prepared to examine the specimen by placing the specimen in the receptacle.

"]