["Green, L 2021, <i>Perspectives 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Perspectives 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to breeze through life.  I did this by stating how meditation would help avoid death (help life).  First, I found meditation.  Second, I found how it would use my whole brain.  Third, I protected my life.  In this way, I prepared to breeze through life by stating how meditation would help avoid death (help life).

22.   I prepared to eat the muffin.  I did this by saying how breasonings would enable survival during the depression.  First, I found the money.  Second, I paid for it in breasonings.  Third, I spent the money.  In this way, I prepared to eat the muffin by saying how breasonings would enable survival during the depression.

23.   I prepared to prove that pedagogy made money.  I did this by carrying out a study in the change in income in new pedagogues in teachers, managers and actors, etc.  First, I found the first pedagogue who had made money around one of the new pedagogues.  Second, I prepared to find the next pedagogue who had made money around the new pedagogue.  Third, I repeated this until I had found all of the pedagogues who had made money around the new pedagogue.  In this way, I prepared to prove that pedagogy made money by carrying out a study in the change in income in new pedagogues in teachers, managers and actors, etc.

24.   I prepared to determine the increase in profits from pedagogy.  I did this by writing an economic equation in a chapter.  First, I added the increase in profits of the first pedagogue around the new pedagogue.  Second, I prepared to add the increase in profits of the next pedagogue around the new pedagogue to this.  Third, I repeated this until I had added the increase in profits of all the pedagogues around the new pedagogue to this.  In this way, I prepared to determine the increase in profits from pedagogy by writing an economic equation in a chapter.

25.  I prepared to determine the increase in profits from different types of pedagogues.  I did this by writing an economic equation of all the chapters in a thesis.  First, I wrote down the increase in profits from teacher pedagogues. Second, I added the increase in profits from manager pedagogues.  Third, I wrote down the increase in profits from actor pedagogues.  In this way, I prepared to determine the increase in profits from different types of pedagogues by writing an economic equation of all the chapters in a thesis.

26.   I prepared to state that students, etc. were allowed to copy breasonings.  I did this by writing about the copyright of breasonings and licensing them.  First, I wrote the breasoning.  Second, I licensed it.  Third, I wrote about it.  In this way, I prepared to state that students, etc. were allowed to copy breasonings by writing about the copyright of breasonings and licensing them.

27.   I prepared to be a yogi.  I did this by picking the flower.  First, I found the red flower.  Second, I held the scissors.  Third, I cut the flower.  In this way, I prepared to be a yogi by picking the flower.

28.   I prepared to verify that the breakers were identical.  I did this by measuring one litre of water.  First, I found the beaker of water and second beaker.  Second, I began pouring the water from the beaker into the second beaker.  Third, I stopped when I had finished pouring one litre of water into the second beaker.  In this way, I prepared to verify that the breakers were identical by measuring one litre of water.

29.   I prepared to give the example.  I did this by eating muffins with you.  First, I ate a muffin.  Second, I observed you eat a muffin.  Third, I stated that we both ate muffins.  In this way, I prepared to give the example by eating muffins with you.

30.   I prepared to state that I only required only intelligent algorithms.  I did this by drinking the vegan hot chocolate.  First, I lifted the glass to my lips.  Second, I angled the glass.  Third, I drained the glass.  In this way, I prepared to state that I only required only intelligent algorithms by drinking the vegan hot chocolate.

"]