["Green, L 2021, <i>Exploring opposites in Hamlet 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Exploring opposites in Hamlet 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to experience the art forms of God (the master).  I did this by trusting God (the master).  First, I trusted the art of the master.  Second, I trusted the music of the master.  Third, I trusted the architecture of the master.  In this way, I prepared to experience the art forms of God (the master) by trusting God (the master).

12.   I prepared to write logically.  I did this by writing down what I was thinking of as an argument.  First, I wrote down a topic for the argument.  Second, I worked out the first reason for the argument.  Third, I repeated this until I had worked out all the reasons for the argument.  In this way, I prepared to write logically by writing down what I was thinking of as an argument.

13.    I prepared to ask questions about the topic.  I did this by connecting the arguments to the topic.  First, I wrote the topic.  Second, I connected the first argument to the topic.  Third, I repeated this until I had connected all of the arguments to the topic.  In this way, I prepared to ask questions about the topic by connecting the arguments to the topic.

14.   I prepared to connect syntax to semantics.  I did this by testing the grammar rules.  First, I read the sentence.  Second, I found the label for the part of the sentence in the left column and the parts of that part of the sentence in the right column.  Third, I repeatedly found the parts of the sentence in the right column in the left column until I had reached the vocabulary in the right column.  In this way, I prepared to connect syntax to semantics by testing the grammar rules.

15.   I prepared to lead the world government. I did this by becoming the Head of State. First, I became a Member of Parliament. Second, I stayed in the political party for many years. Third, I became Head of State. In this way, I prepared to lead the world government by becoming the Head of State.

16.   I prepared to self-assess the use of my teaching skills. I did this by teaching the student. First, I saw the student. Second, I made sure the quality of teaching was high. Third, I gave him excellent job prospects. In this way, I prepared to self-assess the use of my teaching skills by teaching the student.

17.   I prepared to be positive-minded about literature.  I did this by moving forward in Hamlet.  First, I moved forward after realising Hamlet's father had died.  Second, I moved forward after realising Ophelia had killed herself.  Third, I moved forward after the deaths of Hamlet's family.  In this way, I prepared to be positive-minded about literature by moving forward in Hamlet.

18.   I prepared to introduce streams in life.  I did this by separating the meditator from the non-meditator.  First, I found the meditator.  Second, I found the non-meditator.  Third, I wrote their names in separate lists.  In this way, I prepared to introduce streams in life by separating the meditator from the non-meditator.

19.    I prepared to be a world peace advocate.  I did this by encouraging the non-meditator who paid for meditation training to meditate.  First, I received the non-meditator's payment for meditation training.  Second, I found the non-meditator.  Third, I encouraged her to meditate.  In this way, I prepared to be a world peace advocate by encouraging the non-meditator who paid for meditation training to meditate.

20.  I prepared to answer another philosophy question.  I did this by identifying the man on the street as a philosophy helper.  First, I read the philosophy question.  Second, I asked the man on the street for help.  Third, he helped me answer the philosophy question.  In this way, I prepared to answer another philosophy question by identifying the man on the street as a philosophy helper.

"]