["Green, L 2021, <i>Computational English Argument 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Computational English Argument 2 of 4

11.I prepared to store the positive Computational English phenomena in a box.  I did this by finding the positive results in Computational English.  First, I wrote down the first leg of the path.  Second, I prepared to write down the next leg of the path.  Third, I repeated this until the correct result had been positively found.  In this way, I prepared to store the positive Computational English phenomena in a box by finding the positive results in Computational English.

12.I prepared to write what the Computational English algorithm couldn't do outside a circle.  I did this by finding the negative results in Computational English (actions that only other algorithms could do).  First, I wrote down the first leg of the path.  Second, I prepared to write down the next leg of the path.  Third, I repeated this until a block was reached before correct result had been positively found, indicating a negative result, i.e. the desired result may only be found by another algorithm.  In this way, I prepared to write what the Computational English algorithm couldn't do outside a circle by finding the negative results in Computational English (actions that only other algorithms could do).

13.I prepared to count the number of character interrelationships in the narrative.  I did this by writing the character ontologies in Computational English.  First, I wrote the names of the characters on the sheet of paper.  Second, I drew circles around each group of characters.  Third, I drew directional lines on sheets of paper representing different stages of the narrative between each pair of characters in a group and each pair of groups, etc.  In this way, I prepared to count the number of character interrelationships in the narrative by writing the character ontologies in Computational English.

14.I prepared to say that what happened is what was supposed to have happened.  I did this by writing the plot ontologies in Computational English.  First, I wrote down the first theme mentioned in the plot.  Second, I prepared to write down the next theme mentioned in the plot.  Third, I repeated this until I had written down all the themes mentioned in the plot.  In this way, I prepared to say that what happened is what was supposed to have happened by writing the plot ontologies in Computational English.

15.I prepared to write how wanting to play caused a chain reaction through the settings.  I did this by writing the setting ontologies in Computational English.  First, I wrote down the first setting mentioned in the story, the garden.  Second, I prepared to write down the next setting mentioned in the story, the children's cutting room.  Third, I repeated this until I had written down all the settings mentioned in the story, including the refrigerator.  In this way, I prepared to write how wanting to play caused a chain reaction through the settings by writing the setting ontologies in Computational English.

16.I prepared to write that the author achieved all her aims.  I did this by writing the aim of the author in Computational English.  First, I wrote the author chose the bull's-eye to aim for.  Second, I wrote the author selected possible text to use to be represented by the bull's-eye.  Third, I wrote the author pointed with an arrow at words that were best at achieving her aim.  I prepared to write that the author achieved all her aims by writing the aim of the author in Computational English.

17.I prepared to write influence was an experiential midpoint between argument and interpretation.  I did this by writing the author's influence in Computational English.  First, I wrote the person who was part of an influx through the author's life.  Second, I wrote what the person said.  Third, I wrote the author's reply to what the person said.  In this way, I prepared to write influence was an experiential midpoint between argument and interpretation by writing the author's influence in Computational English.

18.I prepared to evince logical correctness.  I did this by writing a statement 'the man made it' was correct in Computational English.  First, I wrote that the man walked along the track.  Second, I wrote that the man reached the line.  Third, I wrote it was correct that the man made it.  In this way, I prepared to evince logical correctness by writing a statement 'the man made it' was correct in Computational English.

19.I prepared to verify the title of the book was good.  I did this by writing that the statement 'I wrote the book' was good in Computational English.  First, I verified that the people involved in writing the book were good.  Second, I wrote I verified that he language in the book was good.  Third, I verified that a model stage production of the book was good.  In this way, I prepared to verify the title of the book was good by writing that the statement 'I wrote the book' was good in Computational English.

20.I prepared to publish the book.  I did this by verifying that the text was well written.  First, I verified that the text was factual.  Second, I verified that the text contained good ideas.  Third, I verified that the text was grammatical.  In this way, I prepared to publish the book by verifying that the text was well written.

"]