["Green, L 2021, <i>Conglish Reflection 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Conglish Reflection 1 of 4



1. Conglish allows thought processes to be analysed. It is an analytic perspective for expressing ideas, i.e. looks at the relationships between functional units.

Conglish Issues

1a. English - themes, language, characterisation, contention, etc.

Philosophical - Reasons and their relations, logic

Psychological - thought processes and ailments, interfaces with artificial intelligence and biochemistry

Linguistic - syntactical (grammars) and semantic (vocabulary)

Computational - efficiency, neatness, fitting purpose, mathematical accuracy

1aa.     I prepared to perform well in Honours.  I did this by trimming the hibiscus.  First, I calculated how many As I needed to earn 100% in the thesis.  Second, I scheduled these.  Third, I wrote these.  In this way, I prepared to perform well in Honours by trimming the hibiscus.

2.    I prepared to eat the nutmeg scone.  I did this by eating the nutmeg.  First, I placed the ground nutmeg on a spoon.  Second, I lifted the spoon to my lips.  Third, I tested (sic) the nutmeg.  In this way, I prepared to eat the nutmeg scone by eating the nutmeg.

3.     I prepared to propagate bliss through the world.  I did this by meditating (reading about) on the leader of the world's current self-abnegation religion (philosophy).  First, I saw that the people needed meditation (philosophy).  Second, I gave them meditation (philosophy).  Third, I continued on to the next religion (philosophy).

4.    I prepared to read the second book written by the master.  I did this by reading the book written by the master.  First, I opened the book.  Second, I started reading the first chapter.  Third, I finished reading the first chapter.  In this way, I prepared to read the second book written by the master by reading the book written by the master.

5.    I prepared to give life to goats.  I did this by giving the goat (person) an A to have a kid (child).  First, I found the person who was going to conceive a child.  Second, I breasoned out an A to give toe h person.  Third, I listened to the news that a child had been born to the person.  In this way, I prepared to give life to goats by giving the goat (person) an A to have a kid (child).

6.    I prepared to send the document to the publisher.  I did this by licking the pear.  First, I breasoned out the book.  Second, I breasoned out 50 As for the book to be published.  Third, I addressed the parcel to the publisher.  In this way, I prepared to send the document to the publisher by licking the pear.

7.    I prepared to win the game of chess.  I did this by moving the chess figure.  First, I placed the figures in their starting positions.  Second, I waited for the right turn.  Third, I moved the chess figure.  In this way, I prepared to win the game of chess by moving the chess figure.

8.    I prepared to observe the ducks led the ducklings.  I did this by observing that the ducks were gay companions.  First, I observed that the ducks were male.  Second, I observed that the ducks were gay.  Third, I observed that the ducks were gay companions.  In this way, I prepared to observe the ducks led the ducklings by observing that the ducks were gay companions.

9.     I prepared to wait at the crossing.  I did this by walking to the crossing.  First, I found the correct coordinates map.  Second, I found the crossing on the map.  Third, I walked to the crossing from my departure point.  In this way, I prepared to cross the road by walking to the crossing.

10.   I prepared to walk to the other side of the crossing.  I did this by crossing at the lights when the green man was displayed.  First, I watched the light.  Second, I waited until it had turned green.  Third, I crossed at the crossing.  In this way, I prepared to walk to the other side of the crossing by crossing at the lights when the green man was displayed.

"]