["Green, L 2021, <i>Drawing connections 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Drawing connections 1 of 4



1. In a binary opposition, one will be stronger. This is because one starts at it (it is the origin). The contention is exploring the relationship/directionality/methodology between two fundamental objects which have a relation.

1a.     I prepared to collate the robot's knowledge.  I did this by writing the ideology as a hierarchy.  First, I wrote the question.  Second, I wrote the answer.  Third, I wrote the reason for the answer.  In this way, I prepared to collate the robot's knowledge by writing the ideology as a hierarchy.

2.    I prepared to detail the robot's knowledge.  I did this by writing the ontology as a hierarchy.  First, I wrote the reason.  Second, I wrote the object name.  Third, I wrote its connection with the reason.  In this way, I prepared to detail the robot's knowledge by writing the ontology as a hierarchy.

3.     I prepared to create a post-Marxist ideology.  I did this by connecting the lost ideology hierarchy to the hierarchy.  First, I determined that the first ideology of philosophy aiding finding the human value with the aid of the government.  Second, I determined that the Marxist ideology aiding finding the literary phrase in a high quality manner.  Third, I wrote an intermediate Computational English (government and Marxism-influenced) ideology that wrote a presentation that properly delivered the viewer experience.  In this way, I prepared to create a post-Marxist ideology by connecting the lost ideology hierarchy to the hierarchy.

4.    I prepared to blend algorithms.  I did this by connecting the lost ontology hierarchy to the hierarchy.  First, I determined that the first algorithm computed which direction the sensor faced given a map.  Second, I determined that the second algorithm found passing chords using the I-IV-V-I chord progression.  Third, I wrote an intermediate algorithm that composed music based on the sensor's surroundings.  In this way, I prepared to blend algorithms by connecting the lost ontology hierarchy to the hierarchy.

5.    I prepared to build a school.  I did this by observing the lawyer help maintain ownership of the property.  First, I drafted the contract to keep ownership of donated land with the help of a lawyer.  Second, the land donor signed the contract.  Third, I observed the contract prevent the land donor from taking the land back.  In this way, I prepared to build a school by observing the lawyer help maintain ownership of the property.

6.    I prepared to build the house.  I did this by observing the building surveyor test that the building had good structural integrity.  First, I detected the floor.  Second, I detected the walls.  Third, I detected the ceiling.  In this way, I prepared to build the house by observing the building surveyor test that the building had good structural integrity.

7.    I prepared to print an encyclopedia entry.  I did this by asking the teletypist to type my ideas.  First, I thought of a paragraph to dictate.  Second, I found a teletypist matching the desired character.  Third, I delegated typing the paragraph to the teletypist.  In this way, I prepared to print an encyclopedia entry by asking the teletypist to type my ideas.

8.    I prepared to encourage the native and settler to learn each others' languages.  I did this by requesting that the teletypist translate the text into a local language.  First, I aimed for the postcolonial native to understand the text.  Second, I found that the settler would allow the native to read the text printed in the settler's language.  Third, I requested that the teletypist translate the text into a bilingual edition with both the native's language and settler's language.  In this way, I prepared to encourage the native and settler to learn each others' languages by requesting that the teletypist translate the text into a local language.

9.     I prepared to distance myself from *.  I did this by shelling the snow pea.  First, I read that Winston Churchill asked that if funding was diverted from arts then what would we be fighting for?  Second, I determined that arts was the conclusion from defence, not vice versa.  Third, I determined that arts is necessary rather than defence.  In this way, I prepared to distance myself from * by shelling the snow pea.

10.   I prepared to spend on high quality thoughts.  I did this by writing 50 Economics As to be a founder of educational institutions.  First, I encouraged pedagogical inspiration.  Second, I fostered critical thinking with logic.  Third, I cherished the influence of perfect meditation.  In this a way, I prepared to spend on high quality thoughts by writing 50 Economics As to be a founder of educational institutions.

"]