["Green, L 2021, <i>Ratios 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Ratios 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to jail the criminals.  I did this by preventing the burglary.  First, I contacted the burglary.  Second, I reported the criminals to them.  Third, I described the criminals to the police.  In this way, I prepared to jail the criminals by preventing the burglary.

12.   I prepared to write a pop philosophy.  I did this by driving the man for preventative treatment.  First, I found the man.  Second, I started the car's ignition.  Third, I drove the man to hospital.  In this way, I prepared to write a pop philosophy by driving the man for preventative treatment.

13.    I prepared to find the princess character to marry the frog character.  I did this by sighting the frog character.  First, I sighted his neck crown.  Second, I sighted his webbed feet.  Third, I sighted the spheres at the end of his toes.  In this way, I prepared to find the princess character to marry the frog character by sighting the frog character.

14.   I prepared to record rewards from God.  I did this by displaying the ratio in the philosophy magazine.  First, I wrote.  Second, I wrote the delimiter colon ':'.  Third, I wrote.  In this way, I prepared to record rewards from God by displaying the ratio in the philosophy magazine.

15.   I prepared to go to positive peaks.  I did this by observing that the stone fortress helped people avoid negative ruts.  First, I identified the rut.  Second, I avoided it.  Third, I was protected in the stone fortress.  In this way, I prepared to go to positive peaks.  I did this by observing that the stone fortress helped people avoid negative ruts.

16.   I prepared to observe the man enter the office.  I did this by observing the man cross the road.  First, I observed him stand at the side of the road.  Second, I observed him start to cross the road.  Third, I observed him until he had finished crossing the road.  In this way, I prepared to observe the man enter the office by observing him cross the road.

17.   I prepared to train students to earn higher grades.  I did this by selling the pedagogy screen en masse.  First, I sold the pedagogy screen, instructions about how to earn A grade using it, and what to aim for with A grade, to the first, person.  Second, I prepared to sell them to the next person.  Third, I repeated this until I had sold them to all the people in the set, or 'en-masse'.  In this way, I prepared to train students to earn higher grades by selling the pedagogy screen en masse.

18.   I prepared to listen to the movie.  I did this by outlawing robot weapons (programmed the robot to read the book).  First, I programmed the robot to intertwine her voice with reasons represented by the 250 breasonings per page of the book.  Second, I prepared the inflection of the voice reading the line from the story.  Third, I programmed the robot to dramatically read the line from the story.  In this way, I prepared to listen to the movie by outlawing robot weapons (programmed the robot to read the book).

19.    I prepared to prolong life (removing causes of death).  I did this by determining that the robot meant people would live for longer.  First, I programmed the robot to compile pedagogical argument for each departmental object experienced.  Second, I programmed the robot to compile 50 pedagogical arguments for each departmental object experienced.  Third, I programmed the robot to take care of the person by compiling 50 pedagogical arguments for each medicinal object (e.g. causing happiness by preventing psychiatric sadness causes) experienced.  In this way, I prepared to prolong life (removing causes of death) by determining that the robot meant people would live for longer.

20.  I prepared to start a family.  I did this by taking care of the woman.  First, I took care of her health.  Second, I took care of her wealth.  Third, I took care of her wisdom.  In this way, I prepared to start a family by taking care of the woman.

"]