["Green, L 2022, <i>Bots 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2022",1,"Bots

4*800-(16+80+80)/5=3165 sentence paragraphs
3165/80=40 80s

1. I finished the app by placing the file in the app, automatically finishing the code. The bot transcribed the text. Next, I wrote the specification for the code I had written. Finally, I started the DevOps pipeline in the background. It alerted me if I had finished the code.
2. I replaced the top-level flag when writing a predicate with different predicates. I thanked the bot for doing a good job. The alert told me this if the programmer hadn't finished the code. I ran continuous DevOps tests every two minutes while editing the algorithm. Even if I wanted to continue, I stopped when I had finished the code.
3. I focused on one program, predicate or line at a time. First, the bot wrote the scene. Then, I tried different orders in diff combos to merge possible predicates. In addition, I tried various combinations of replacements for adjacent lines. Finally, I tried different combinations of parts of lines.
4. I changed the diff combos algorithm in DevOps. The bot measured the yield. I focused on one predicate when it replaced another predicate. I focused on one line when it replaced another line. I tried reordering items and tried different combinations of replacements for adjacent items.
5. The bot offered the bounty for help. I wrote the question. I wrote the answer. I determined that the solution needed redrafting. So I provided the reward for help.
6. The bot included instructions. I examined the model answer. I substituted my values. I found the answer. I wrote units and diagrams and verified the order of magnitude of the solution.
7. The bot delivered the goods. I manufactured the goods. I packaged the goods. I sent the goods to an address. Finally, I confirmed receipt of the goods.
8. The bot bought food. First, I wrote down the body's required foods. Then, I modified it for variety. Finally, I found the most delicious recipes. I bought fresh ingredients and made recipes.
9. The bot cooked the food. I listed the food needed to cook. I wrote a GAANT chart with the cooking times for the food. There was one item to cook. I taste-tested the food.
10. The bot spiritually cared for the person. I found the person. I took them to their destination. I asked them which food they would like. I gave it to them.
11. The bot discussed writing an algorithm with the person. I am the bot. I asked what the person would like to program. The algorithm explored a rigorous aspect, such as logic or another formula. It had a use, such as web, editor or graphics.
12. The bot wrote the chain of uses for an algorithm. I noticed how the algorithms developed, involving new methods. I developed skills in using particular commands. I wrote my version of known commands. I learned how to write customised commands.
13. The bot found shortcut commands. I noticed the new use of foldr, a customised predicate. I questioned why foldr was not in Prolog. I gave reversed input to foldl and called it foldr. I used the command with append and string_concat.
14. The bot started concentrating on computer science by writing input and output in conjunction with types. I noticed commands to check types and modes. First, I wrote the command to check the type statements. Then, I wrote the command to check mode statements. Types relied on modes, which we could have by themselves.
15. The bot could customise functional predicates by giving them new arguments. The argument determined a sub-predicate. Or it determined a sub-argument. I could write and call the predicate with a functional call to an intermediate predicate. I divided the predicate into different functions and called them functionally.
16. The bot determined that the new argument was reverse sort. I wrote reverse(sort(list)). I used a typing predictor and pressed the tab to accept a suggestion. I found all results and placed them in n lists. There was a command to find unwanted non-deterministic results and convert code to C.

17. The bot wrote its software. I combined predicates in new ways. I listed the commands in both predicates. I wrote their types. I combined combinations of commands, converting output from one into input in another.
18. The bot inserted a functional cut, which only affected the not, findall or if-then clause. I wrote algorithms by combining predicates in new ways. I could combine parts of predicates together to give particular output. I could combine parts of predicates together, mimicking hierarchies of methods, for example, modifying List Prolog code by converting it to a Finite State Machine, making several changes, and converting it back. Or, I could find the best combination of changes to lines found with diff.
19. The bot simplified the interpreter using constraint propagation. I wrote an interpreter in a few lines. First, I wrote the input and output, for example, 1 and 1, and 2. Then, I wrote the algorithm C is A+B. Finally, I wrote an interpreter to compute this.
20. The bot wrote separate algorithms that had different functions. I wrote an algorithm in a few lines. I eliminated if-then clauses using constraint propagation. In addition, I eliminated findall clauses using constraint propagation. However, I eliminated unnecessary not clauses using constraint propagation.
21. I diffed (sic) a line by splitting it into one character per line. Then, I wrote the new methods within new methods for writing an algorithm. I started with the first new methods. Then, I meditated and wrote algorithms with these new methods. Finally, I wrote the new algorithm after writing a required method.
22. The bot helped create a new method in programming.
I tracked new methods with time. I wrote down the new methods in the algorithm. I could work out any combination of 8 commands and variables with Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) = 8! = 40,320 possibilities to test, and I could test 16 changes with DevOps = 2^16 = 65,536 possibilities to test. As well as testing for combinations of lines and characters, I computed to concatenate closing brackets at the end of tested function names.
23. The bot wrote the debugger, helping them write in a positive-functional manner. I used a mind-reading debugger, which rewarded me for thinking of alternative thoughts and letting me write the debugger. Instead of \"taking my point\" and telling me the answers or not allowing me to learn, the debugger provided spiritual practica so I could pedagogically mind map details when debugging. I found myself conversing with it, which I could do with neuronetworks, about new features and ways to tackle the problem. Just as writing a program to find a mathematical result enabled neuronal development and neuroplasticity, writing the debugger familiarised me with algorithm and debugger algorithm-level methods for debugging.
24. The bot was mindful of intellectual property and learning while developing. I wrote the algorithm finder for the algorithm to configure the algorithm differently. I wrote new options to call the algorithm with, running different features. I wrote modules that I could plug in. I could quickly generate an algorithm that performed the task.
25. The disabled bot preferred using new predicates wherever possible, with descriptive names. The person wrote a style sheet for how they wrote algorithms, such as unique names, indenting and choice of synocommands (sic). The person chose appropriate names for predicates and variables, allowing for the specific style of the algorithm. They used tabs in longer algorithms and a space for educational algorithms, which could be read more quickly by disabled learners. I used foldr append as a shortcut for append list.
26. The bot tested that the instructions matched the program. First, I wrote instructions for using an algorithm, such as preparing, running, and a walkthrough. Next, I explained how to install and register a password if necessary. Then, I explained how to run the algorithm with examples. Finally, I explained how to use the algorithm, describing the input and output at each step.
27. The bot varied the description of variables with one variable (per variable) per line. I wrote instructions for running an algorithm in the same format, with labels for inputs and outputs and examples. For example, I used the format predicate(+In1, +In2, -Out), where + denotes an input and - denotes an output. Then, I explained that In1 had the type [string1,{number1}], for example [\"a\",[1,2,3]].  I labelled string1 as the name and number(s)1 as the scores.

28. The bot found and suggested files with predicates called by the file. The algorithm presented useful statistics about the programming session, such as the number of new methods and suggestions, such as registering repositories called from the repository. I found the dependencies of predicates. For example, I split the predicate into groups of hierarchies that might continue back on the path and found the dependencies regarding the branches. In addition, I examined the individual commands to check for static results and ensuing editing out of them.
29. When calling some predicates, the bot uniformised the word file to an atom, not a string. The person provided feedback about whether the instructions were clear, could have more detail, or need troubleshooting advice. I hired the tester. They surveyed the Read Me file for the open-source repository, finding improvements, tips and suggestions. I added troubleshooting advice and changed from grammars to term_to_atom for use with files, which prevented the need for some troubleshooting advice.
30. The bot compiled specific algorithms in machine language. I wrote instructions for writing new methods; for example, I wrote a C-code generator to call from within Prolog. The compiler would compile this code at compile time. The compiler wouldn't use this code if trace were used, for example, from the start of the algorithm. However, the compiler would compile the entire program to C if it didn't contain complex backtracking.
31. The bot converted the Prolog grammar to C. I gave positive feedback about the new method using a grammar in C. The grammar was a string interpreter in C. It contained no choice points. It had lookahead to test but not get the next token.
32. The bot grouped commands. I wrote the best method, a combination of string_concat and append. I wrote flatten([[[a]],[b]],A), A=[a,b]. I wrote foldr(string_concat,A,B), B=\"ab\". Then, I wrote flatten_foldr_string_concat([[[a]],[b]],A), A=\"ab\".
33. The bot notified the user or tried several approaches to debugging the uninstantiated command error, pending approval. First, I found the modes throughout the algorithm, debugging mode errors. Second, I wrote type and mode statements for the algorithm's input and output. Third, I followed the types and modes of the commands from the type and mode statements. Finally, I found uninstantiated command errors.
34. The bot optimised the predicate and split and joined predicates into those with different functions. I verified that the predicate was customised and that it didn't have unnecessary constants in it. I checked for expressions such as A=B+0. I changed it to A=B. Then I changed B to A and deleted the expression if possible.
35. The bot found new combinations of parts of functional calls. I wrote the possible new algorithms using 540 degrees (the bag algorithm). At first I changed arguments [a,b],[a,c],[d,c],[d,e] into [a,e]. Then I did this with algorithms. This technique applied to groups of characters and, therefore, not groups of lines or groups of predicates.
36. The bot entered input and took the output from a Prolog algorithm using a text file. I wrote longer reused predicates, the need for which I detected with a neuronetwork that examined standard out. I ran C from Prolog to process standard out. I found the need for the maze algorithm. I mind-read and helped the student with their desk and missing phone.
37. The bot quickly added the variable type to type statements in List Prolog - the text method stored algorithms as data that could be manipulated and analysed. Then, I wrote the List Prolog algorithm. First, I strictly typed the variable as a string, which failed when the variable was a variable (A=_). Or, I typed the variable as any, which succeeded if the variable was a variable (A=_).
38. The bot tested the series of websites as an SSI algorithm. I propagated the constraints and optimised the predicate as a result, for example, simplifying two interpreters into one. I wrote one interpreter that called the other one. These could be LPI, SSI or SSI Web Service (SSIWS). If SSIWS crashed, a background app would detect its life sign stopping, and the algorithm would restart it.
39. The bot concluded the icon was a pear, and the sound effect was a trumpet trumpeting. Next, I detected educational details for a student's conclusion, finishing them off quickly if they came to it. The student neared the conclusion, triggering a mind-reading alert. Next, I detected how many details the student was with-it over, helping finish off, correct, or finish all of them. When they reached the conclusion, a level clear sound effect and icon would appear.
40. The bot spelled \"SSIWS\" backwards. I generated data for the predicate from type and mode statements. Then, I matched the data to the type and mode statements. I could generate the type and mode statements from the algorithm and then do this. Next, I read the names and data in the algorithm to find more specific data to generate, such as types of types (music, names or mathematical data).
41. The bot replaced reused groups of commands with a single command. The method was correct and good (simple enough). The method was msort, select or writeln1. One of these provided the right result. In addition, this command singly solved the problem.
42. The bot cut some of the loose choice points. The algorithm answer on the forum was new. I checked for the same or similar questions. I checked whether their answer already existed or was new. For example, I put if-then antecedent or not clauses in a separate predicate with cut at the end.
43. The bot wrote a time-out to remove loops he was suspicious were infinite loops. I verified that an input was not a variable (A=_). I questioned whether the free variable expression could be simplified and infinite loops eliminated. A professor said Prolog would still process them. It might work in Haskell.

44. The bot removed an infinite loop in the middle using constraints. I multithreaded continuously integrating blocks of code. The blocks went through pipelines. The blocks were helpful because the program could save them. I could skip over the wrong blocks.

45. The bot found data to solve a problem at the frontier of research, for example, converting a state machine to a register state machine. I generated new inputs with two inputs going together. The inputs were of the same or compatible types. They connected using an ontology. Finally, I tested that the output was correct.
46. The bot looked at matrix images while programming to help remember to enter the correct variables at the right time. I wrote educational algorithms, which let the human make the decisions. The human commented. They made a suggestion. There was a mistake detector.
47. The bot could copy the data. I converted the state machine to a register state machine. The state machine performed recursion by storing the addresses of records in memory. The register state machine added one to move from one memory address to another. I added one to each item in the matrix.
48. The bot helped by reminding me of code with similar commands. I wrote the algorithm to predict its heading and help write it. I identified the type of algorithm. I recognised the feature. I helped with unknown features by writing code using similar commands.
49. The bot passed around variables in variables in variables. I used a single variable to store multiple variables. The variables were in order or not in order. I represented the screen as a list of lists (rows of pixels). This technique was faster than using a list of pixel items.
50. The bot flew over the complete algorithm. I replicated the method for representing a screen to represent 3D voxels. I calculated the positions of the voxels given textures and lighting, stored these and represented the field. I rendered the movie. I had movies for data flow analysis, bottleneck solutions and images of missing features, such as findall in a converter.
51. The bot optimised the converted code. I started in Prolog without choice points to convert to other languages. I optimised this code. I converted to C. Or, I converted to C with choice points, such as findall and cuts.
52. The bot helped the teacher customise materials for the disabled child. The person's life influences their job. They needed an algorithm to automate or speed up neuronetworks in Prolog. The data was small but relevant. The neuronetwork was called with a command in Prolog and compiled in Python.
53. The bot checked the wireframe model and then rendered the scene. I wrote the 3D scene using neuronetworks. I specialise in fine art sets and make-up. However, I retained creative control over the music and appearance. The algorithm finished the script and everything else and found appropriate camera work.
54. The bot ran an interpreter that stored files in memory, speeding up the algorithm. I wrote an algorithm that helped find commands and files. It has used the text to help predict the commands and file names. It created files from the commands, auto-populating them with predicted data. I caught missed ideas and possibilities and completed large assignments in a short time.
55. The bot helped find more relevant details on the lines. I wrote an algorithm that alerted me to new algorithms, methods and research. It suggested storing computer language grammars in one place, writing converters, grammar processors and other algorithms. I wrote modules for my interpreters. I detected the error of two equivalent pathways in the interpreter and deleted one.
56. The bot automatically triggered the CI/CD pipeline on a change to test changes. I wrote the magical algorithm to show the diff results as an HTML file. I replaced repeating items in the before and after files with new numbers, increasing in each file. I could select the parts I wanted and could edit the file. I could instantly see results in the tests of edits.
57. The bot quickly compiled and searched for changes in backups. I generated types of data for testing. If the order of results had changed, I entered the same input and recorded the new output. I wrote an algorithm that asked me to write test cases for new features. I also deleted test cases for deleted predicates.
58. The bot modularised the algorithm and deleted infinite loops. Next, I compiled changes to the repository over time, finding the minimum changes using DevOps. Next, I checked each change since the repository reached maturity, testing and minimising it. If something was missing, I put it back or added needed components. Finally, I debugged and optimised it.
59. The bot debugged and wrote new code as part of CI/CD pipelines. I touched up pretty print to have possible patterns in a data file. I signalled one of these data sets or modifications to them. I wrote the data like a pretty printed file. I constantly tried optimising code as part of CI/CI pipelines.
60. The bot trained the compiler on the interpreter's tests. I compiled and ran an interpreter with itself, testing any new predicates. I tracked the features the interpreter needed to run itself. For example, I supported multifile algorithms, included libraries and dynamic variables. I split predicates into requisite functions and tested each of them.

61. The bot traded off expansionism against contractionism of code when it felt natural. I tested the code against the criterion of intuitiveness or transparent clearness. I wrote the C interpreter. It started in the middle of the Prolog interpreter. I converted the interpreter to C by allocating memory to C.
62. The bot wrote the series of programs necessary to process files. I wrote a file processor algorithm writer, which took starting and ending frames and produced a list of rules to plug into the file processing algorithm. I wrote the machine code, the hexadecimal version of the code, and the lowest-level interface to the CPU. Assembly language contained a linker, which linked to modules needed for an algorithm. These might include memory-handling routines.
63. The bot optimised the circuit, removing redundancy. The game involved the player's reaction and touch typing skills. I created the Central Processing Unit (CPU). It processed data at a specific cycle rate. It interpreted, processed and executed instructions using logic and transistors.
64. The bot verified the generated type statements and data. I solved the bug by changing the mode statement. I developed thoughts about politics, religion, medicine and philosophy. These represented the outside world's view, which would receive the ideas. The input and output were correct.
65. The bot tested the physical limits of the system. I found when the file processing algorithm was needed by treating the disk as memory and checking the data transformations. I wrote As or high distinctions about politics, religion, medicine and philosophy. These included the most prestigious thoughts or 4*50 As. Professors had enough correct ideas.
66. The bot entered the simulation and started a movement. The programming language had the appropriate features to complete a task. In addition to politics, religion, medicine and philosophy, I wrote on departments I wrote on, such as pedagogy, Computational English, mind reading, time travel and immortality. The high distinctions on these topics were checked and documented. The professors also accepted and checked their thoughts.
67. The bot had medicine and worked at the usual rate. I eliminated duplicate sentences in the database. I developed five thoughts per day involving multiple departments with the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG). I wrote the original sentence. I wrote perspectives (with the latest literature) on the latest details about the idea.
68. The bot treated mind reading and high distinctions as dealing with rectangular prisms representing data. I instructed the person to write an algorithm with an algorithm. I gave high distinction to a separate character representing me. The character listened to everyone in the company. They helped them with their work. They gave 4*50 As and uncovered new possibilities.

69. The bot reduced the number of the predicate's arguments by combining them. I wrote three points, multiplied by three analysis levels, for a thought I developed. I wrote the conclusion. The 4*50 As were divided into three by three. To speed the algorithm up, I wrote the analysis based on the first sentence of the previous section in the second and third sections.
70. The bot found the better of two lines to include in the code. I wrote intuitive code by splitting lines in the same space with Lucian CI/CD. Splitting into lines was better than grouping them to separate tests in comments. I wrote the test and code, tested it and repeated this until there were no more changes. Separately, I wrote thoughts on music to analyse texts from a \"life and science\" perspective.

71. The bot automatically fixed bugs in predicates given specs. Lucian CI/CD tested each branch bottom-up rather than the whole algorithm bottom-up. Lucian CI/CD tested predicates bottom-up. This method allowed testing for combinations of more changes. In addition, it allowed narrowing bugs down to individual predicates.
72. The bot chose from the hierarchy using check/off/some checkboxes. Lucian CI/CD allowed specifying the branches of the algorithm to test and the types of tests to run. I listed predicates in the touched files and their predicates. I trained BAG to pair particular pairs of words. I included higher-order commands, such as foldl and maplist. 
73. The bot stated that the new method of input was bits. I numbered the predicates in Lucian CI/CD. These numbers were in bits. I started with the first level predicate, numbered one. I progressed to second-level predicates numbered two, and so on.
74. The bot selected the graphic of the branch to test. The 3D scene involved new camerawork. I ordered the predicates in bottom-up order. It was a post-order depth-first traversal. I concentrated on testing each branch one at a time.
75. The bot optimised the code by removing unconnected commands that numerically added nothing. I stopped testing the repository when a test failed. If there was a loop, I grouped the predicates to test together. To avoid individual parts of large loops being untested, I tested them in smaller parts. There was an optimiser to remove extraneous commands that didn't change data.
76. The bot only tested predicates with changed predicates below them, but not if the instance of the predicate had been tested already, where the test was the same. I only tested predicates with changed predicates below them. I tested predicate groups, whether or not an instance had been tested. I recorded a predicate that was tested. Even if another predicate had called it, I didn't test it again.

77. The bot found arguments by running the Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) on Immortality 1 ideas. I found the new method for the algorithm by running BAG on the algorithm. I synthesised common and uncommon parts, finding rare properties, such as modules, functional calls, use of maplist or foldl or foldr or shorter algorithms. Or, I developed add-ons that read like literary classics. I developed thought histories that lasted long enough into the future.
78. The bot applied human experience or ways of thinking from an idea to an idea. I developed ideas from old essays, perspectives, theory books or copies of my thoughts. I wrote on induction, interpreters and research, applying my ideas and helping others. I went through my to-do folder, email and copy ordered. The bot also applied politics to an argument (where different algorithms represented different sides of politics, requiring parts of other algorithms) and fine art to an algorithm (an object represented by an add-on).
79. The bot could use get and put predicates to test and replace them using numbers. I found a new method giving the same result, for example, using subterm with address to search for, process items and build lists. In Lucian CI/CD, I loaded all the predicates needed for testing the predicates the main predicate depended on from all the files (including \"includes\" statements). In addition, I tested the current group of predicates, clauses from the same predicate or those in the same loop. It could load all predicates and only change the tested ones, but the current algorithm would only test the current predicates. Only tests for these current predicates would be used for them.
80. The bot worked out the dependencies, main file name and predicate. I described and stored the input with words and instructions on processing it, for example, with a linear search or subterm with address. In Lucian CI/CD, I always included the \"includes\" statement because all files were written with comments and certain predicates. The main file was always loaded, and this loaded all the included files, ready for testing. The main file contained the primary file name for testing and the primary predicate name and arity for finding dependencies.
"]