["Green, L 2024, <i>Bots 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Bots 2

1. The bot tested graphics as data and algorithms on the fly, reporting if they had errors. The graphics algorithm maker outputted the animation algorithm, which stored pixels in memory and could be translated to HTML. I wrote tests in Lucian CI/CD as %a(A).\n%A=1.\n. Other tests could be written as %a., %a(1). or %a.\n%false., etc. In addition, these two lines could be written on one line.
2. The bot supported multiple algorithms in a repository with numerous main files and main predicates. I tracked how the predicate was added to over time, rating its simplicity, functionalisation and possible problems with under or over-verification. I checked the List Prolog Package Manager (LPPM) registry for dependencies checked in Lucian CI/CD. I provided an information bureau at the end of Lucian CI/CD, which pointed users to LPPM if files were missing, to the main file if files were missing or predicates were skipped, or to tests if a test was missing or wrong. I supported multiple main predicates.
3. The bot quickly found errors in the dependencies, the main file or the tests, represented as numerical data. I analysed algorithms as patterns of numbers, predicting them, completing them and finding patterns in them and their diagonalisations. Lucian CI/CD reported an error on the wrong main file data. There was an error if the main file was missing or didn't contain the main predicate with the correct arity. A helper algorithm could find the suitable main file with this predicate or the predicate for a main file.
4. The bot updated the algorithms automatically and converted old data files to the new format with a new version of the algorithm. I found the algorithm maker that the neuronetwork spent so many resources on to save resources. In the Lucian CI/CD documentation, I instructed users to delete Github_lc/tests_xxx to start again after a version change or if the algorithm or data had been modified. The data file format may change with a difference in the algorithm, or the data file might become corrupted. I stored all data in a separate folder to update only the algorithms.
5. The bot included the compatible Lucian CI/CD version in downloads. The algorithm maintained fast performance as it developed, with all popular features and supporting the same features. The other algorithms seamlessly integrated with it and its features. The main_file.txt in Lucian CI/CD contained [\"a.pl\", \"a\",1], the primary file name in the repository, the first predicate in it and its arity (the number of arguments). The team reverted to a previous version of this file if there was a problem.
6. The bot critically examined the algorithm in the degree. I tested the algorithm with test input generated from grammars and input that the grammar couldn't generate to test for errors. The Lucian CI/CD tests tested for variables in the form A, not _123. I simplified my algorithms to translate to a new language if my programming language become obsolete, and simplified my texts to translate and bring to the new world. I tested the latest algorithms and grammar-checked the new texts.
7. The bot found the algorithm either from input or input and output. I found the algorithm from the input; in other words, I wrote the algorithm and then the result. Lucian CI/CD warned if there were more than seven changes to a set of current predicates. These were either in chunks of changed lines or changed lines. The number seven could be increased because predicates were shorter than algorithms, which it was designed for.
8. The bot printed the log of the predicates in order of testing. I could tell the modes from the data and the variables I labelled. The Lucian CI/CD diff HTML file contained the finished deletions, insertions and changes, or two columns, one for the initial and one for the final files. This table included groups of predicates in each row. I optionally printed the tests for each group of predicates.
9. The bot supported other programming language parsers later. I found the uses for the depth-first search in different areas of study. I always included new tests and comments in the latest version of the algorithm to test in Lucian CI/CD. The limitation of tests, comments and data was that they couldn't be tested for, so the new comments always replaced the old. The alternative was to do this with tests and comments but test data, treating it like a possible another programming language, but it was challenging to track access to it for generating dependencies.
10. The bot ran the complexity viability algorithm to see if a neuronetwork was necessary. The algorithm explained the algorithm it completed and why it was better than other methods. Lucian CI/CD tested combinations of changes from old and new versions of the repositories. Lucian CI/CD took the list of non-comment, non-includes predicates bottom-up and tested groups of clauses or predicates enclosed in loops, saving working combinations as it went. Lucian CI/CD was one tool that completed the algorithm, operating on human work or relied on algorithms to debug and complete predicates.
11. The bot wrote the game version of the algorithm for the disabled student. The algorithm simplified the text into different levels of difficulty for disabled students. The Lucian CI/CD test changed the predicates' clauses. It was a significant idea to backdate repositories if tests became less or more complex and manually adjust the code. The disabled student wanted the same number of details.
12. The bot inserted the predicates like a frog reaching a lily pad. The disabled student copied the text with the answer. Lucian CI/CD recognised predicates from their name and arity and inserted the new ones in the original order (sorted). It didn't need the predicates that called these predicates, as testing only tested the current predicates and the predicates they called. If there was a loop of predicates, this was tested in a group of current predicates.
13. The bot used a neuronetwork to find or debug a predicate. The Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW) was sped up using a neuronetwork in the interpreter, with a question of whether the user wants to change to it. Lucian CI/CD appended the old predicates to the new ones to find the dependencies and found the best combination of old and new chunks in groups of current predicates in these. Lucian CI/CD found the groups of current predicates or clauses with the same name and arity. CAW found combinations of new, untried commands. Lucian CI/CD found combinations of previous chunks (consecutive lines of added, deleted or changed code) from the current and earlier versions in order.
14. The bot quickly completed the algorithm with the help of Lucian CI/CD. The timer timed how fast the programmer completed the task, noting how complexity added to the time. Lucian CI/CD tested whether a deleted or inserted predicate was or wasn't needed or combinations of added, inserted or changed (including reordered) parts. If the predicate and test have been deleted, there is no test for the predicate, and it will be deleted. There will not be a test failure if there is no test, but the rest of the code doesn't require the predicate.
15. The bot edited the algorithm online with a CI/CD tool. The algorithm modularised the extended predicate, generating test data and reusing the modularised predicate. I identified the clause numbers to group clauses in Lucian CI/CD and assigned old or new labels, respectively. The old and new tags were abstracted as insertions were like deletions when finding their best combination. The on-the-fly CI/CD algorithm suggested necessary changes before or after saving.
16. The bot checked if a missing test should be added to validate a needed predicate. The algorithm simulated the scene of programmer actors with their political viewpoints. Lucian CI/CD continually tests inserted or deleted predicates, including predicates they call. All called predicates need a test or will be omitted, causing failure for predicates that call them. There will be a warning if a current predicate has no test.

17. The bot listed types of relationships to help order items pointing to an item, preserving their order from the dependencies. The find dependencies algorithm in Lucian CI/CD should find that blue is before loop(red, start) because both red and blue lead to the start, and that blue should be before start, given start:-red, start:-blue, red:-start and blue:-null. There is a loop from the start to red and back. Both red and blue lead to the start in start:-red and start:-blue. Blue should be before the start, indicating it is before or lower down than loop(red, start) on the depth-first post-order graph.
18. The bot tightened the ordering of predicates in Lucian CI/CD. Lucian CI/CD ran diff on sets of old and new current predicates to find inserted, deleted and changed chunks of lines. These chunks were ordered old, then new, for example, old: \"%a(2)\", \"a(1).\" and new: \"%a(1)\" and \"a(2).\". However, if lines 2 and 3 were selected, they would be incorrectly ordered with the code before the comment. The merge predicates algorithm was run to group comments and predicates with the same name and arity to rectify this misordering.
19. The bot kept similar predicates together. The merge predicates algorithm placed predicates with the same name and arity of existing predicates after them. The merge predicates algorithm found the first group of predicates with the same name and arity. It preserved the new or old label on the predicates. Then, it inserted these predicates after the similar predicates.
20. The bot used nested loops to process strings. The first find tests algorithm used consecutive append commands. For each line, I found the next middle characters. I found whether these middle characters were tests or test results. I turned choice points from consecutive appends into C loops.
21. The bot could find test results with multiple values or point to tests that detected vars or unwanted extra results. I found the tests in files with Lucian CI/CD. The second find tests algorithm found comments matching tests and test results using functor and arg. I found the test and then the first matching test result. I found unique pairs of tests and test results until none were left.
22. The bot brought my attention to noteworthy correspondence to me. I gave back similar pedagogical details that others gave to me. I detailed the work. There were twenty pages or an exhaustive number of details for a business. I counted the sentences in the letter and replied to it.
23. The bot hid the password and browsed the text files. I wrote the account area web app with the Vetusia engine. The Vetusia engine passed arguments from pages converted from Prolog predicates. The input was through a form, was processed and passed to another page. The converter converted Prolog to Vetusia Prolog.
24. The bot helped the disabled student to access the material. The web app taught courses. I read the course. The Vetusia engine allowed the text files to be downloaded. I answered the questions.
25. The bot didn't accept some replies while encouraging others. I wrote the assessment and plagiarism checker Vetusia engine. There were fact, open-ended and critical analysis questions. The students may write creatively in an application, poem or their algorithm. The plagiarism checker checked against student responses, catching early attempts and helping students.
26. The bot attached notes to the database. The Vetusia engine helped students with questions. It helped clarify definitions, find deeper meanings or develop a book of algorithms. They could add their creations to their photo album. Rather than a neuronetwork, it searched a database.
27. The bot didn't store any private details. I accepted payment using State Saving Interpreter Web Service (SSIWS). I made the cart software using SSIWS. The algorithm used a third-party payment service. The user paid with a single touch.
28. The bot warned on illegal backtracking code. The Vetusia engine Prolog code to Vetusia Prolog code. The read_string call was changed to a form. The form results were processed after being converted to read_string's result. There was no backtracking to previous pages' algorithms.
29. The bot published its half of the conversation. I wrote the chatbot. I programmed my philosophy in an ordered way. It helped students think of new angles on philosophy. It asked its students if it could publish their conversations.
30. The bot helped the customer with improvements and different algorithms. I wrote the sales algorithm. I solved the binary opposition with each customer. The chatbot helped customers with an A for their thoughts about the product, including algorithms. The chatbot found whether the customer wanted a particular direction and helped them with it.
31. The bot asked, \"Where's my 'L' thing? (light)\" I tested the website. I made a file to input into the web form, while it was in the form of a State Saving Interpreter (SSI) (non-web) algorithm. The file could be inputted into a system of shell scripts on a server. Or it could be inputted into a List Prolog algorithm and output collected.
32. The bot made everything equally easy and user-friendly. I tested the courses. I tested with software. I tested with people. I measured the binomial distribution of results and ranked the courses and ideas by difficulty.

33. The bot developed a type system that checked for type errors at compilation. I created a strong type system for State Saving Interpreter (SSI) at run time. It allowed trace to be used online, where only the first instance of a called predicate needed to be recorded to retry to save memory. Users used strong types to learn and verify data at compilation and run time, preventing errors and optimising the types system. If only the type errors could be printed, predicates given and erroneous data could be caught.
34. The bot found the types matched a call earlier in the predicate. The compilation type system didn't act like a compiler that traversed a type state machine but found input and output types from the code. It recorded the type flow, including decomposing or building lists and verifying or converting types. It could check algorithms bottom-up, finding incompatible types passed to predicates. Using Lucian CI/CD's find dependencies algorithm, the type checker checked types built base-up (where running the algorithm bottom-up found erroneous predicates) were returned and correctly fit into calling predicates.
35. The bot used Lucian CI/CD with the compilation types checker plug-in to detect erroneous types. The predicates were only checked when all the predicates they called were checked. If \"predicate a\" called \"b\" and \"c\", \"b \"and \"c\" were checked, followed by \"a\". Then predicates that called a were checked. This way, type errors could be found and resolved in individual predicates.
36. The bot recorded the type flow in branches. I found types in branches. The types exiting the branches needed to be compatible, i.e. the same or one fitting inside the other. For example, [_] = [_], or {number} = []. So, [[number]] may fit inside [any].
37. The bot processed clauses from base cases up, where the most specific types were kept. Lists, which could match empty lists, needed to be recognised from individual clauses, i.e. list decomposition or building. Where a multiple clause predicate could be tested against specifications, the most specific fit-into types from the clauses needed to be kept. This property was like a painting. For example, given the types A={{number}} and A={any}, A={{number}} was kept.
38. The bot ran the algorithm with type checking to prevent errors. Given failure in Prolog can be right, multiple types were possible for a predicate, and an algorithm's top predicate could fail. Types were only kept if they fit inside each other or were different. Sometimes, loose type checking would succeed, but the algorithm might fail if it passed a wrong type, necessitating run-time types. Multiple types were possible, and all possible types were assessed in the algorithm bottom-up.
39. The bot deleted unused types. Types that fit inside another type were treated as separate if they were returned independently by a predicate. The types were only merged if they always merged, i.e. in a base case. For example, numbers and strings might always be replaced with numbers. Alternatively, they were kept separate, for example, if there were two base cases.
40. The bot found cases where findall always failed or returned an empty list. I found types in findall. Findall built a list. This list contained a certain number of items. The most general set of types of these items was found.
41. The bot failed a predicate if its types didn't fit with other types. I found types in if-then. In this logical structure, e,(a->b;c),f, if a is true, then the types of b follow a; otherwise, c's types follow e. The types of f follow either b or c, which are \"creative\" types, possibly creating new types. At least one of the possible types from a predicate must satisfy another predicate.
42. The bot passed the state machine for the types on the server, with the position in the data recorded. I generated the state machine for the type system. I found statements for \"brackets\", \"lists\", \"numbers\", \"strings\", and \"any\" types. The conjunction of types corresponding to a type was listed. In the type checker, the types were checked, and the data and the position in the state machine were recorded.
43. The bot compressed the types when there was only one pointer. I converted the type statements and recursive types to a state machine. The types were conjunctions, pointers or terminals. The address of the pointed-to type was stored with the pointer. In addition, the pointed-to type, like a predicate, returned to a stack's pointer.
44. The bot differentiated static brackets from lists. In the state machine, brackets were a statement type. Brackets around data formed an empty list, a list or a list of lists. They were represented as \"[]\" for an empty list. Or, they were described as \"[types]\" for other types.
45. The bot iterated through list elements. List types were loop statements containing other statements. Lists, unlike brackets, included repeating lists. Lists repeating 0 times were empty lists. Lists were statements that the algorithm returned to the start of when possible.
46. The bot returned whether the types had returned true or false using a compiler. I wrote the type checker to traverse the state machine with the predicate input on entry or input and output on exit. The data was in the form of numbers, strings or lists and was fed into the algorithm part by part. Choice points following failed branches were followed. The interpreter stored these choice points.
47. The bot stated that if the types failed, the predicate failed. The type checker algorithm checked the data matched the types, recording the choice points and progress so far-the data, i.e. number, string or others, needed to match the types. If a type failed and no other branches worked, the branch failed. The types and the algorithm failed if there was no working branch in the entire set of types.
48. The bot possibly returned that the predicate was successful so far. The choice points arose from the multiple predicates called from a type statement. For example, \"a->number\" and \"a->string\" created a choice point. Like SSI, if the data type doesn't match \"number\", then \"string\" is tried. When a successful type is found, the branch returns true.

49. The bot got the concentrated mental image ready, and the algorithm read their mind. The algorithm explained the code. The algorithm attempted to summarise the algorithm description into one line. It identified and explained recursion, operations on types of types (types of algorithms) and any problems with how the algorithm worked. It suggested error corrections, simplifications and comments explaining the algorithm.
50. The bot didn't upload sensitive files. I ran the algorithm to give secure code. I installed a third-party algorithm to check the code. I scanned for passwords, user names, API keys and account numbers. These were not permitted to be committed.
51. The bot tried to avoid backtracking with recursion and only used backtracking in findall. I analysed the cut command's behaviour before programming it. I cut choice points from the whole program, then programmed a version of cut to cut only choice points in the current predicate. I didn't forget the predicate's future clauses. However, I decided to avoid cutting choice points in previous upper predicates.
52. The bot specialised in helping the child make up games. I stated that the robot software could be a child's friend. It answered simple science questions. It explained that there were no scary or imaginary things. It played games such as tiggy, hide and seek, computer, card and board games.
53. The bot recommended books, leaving non-computational books to the child's imagination. The robot was the teenager's friend. The teenager learned meditation. They saw friends. The robot drove them around, watched movies with them, didn't eat or drink, reminded them of things they needed to know and was their study partner.
54. The bot could get from and put values into memory, add to, test and jump as instructions in the register machine. I offered insights into register machines. I programmed a register machine in Prolog. I ran a program that repeatedly operated on items in memory. I fetched an item from memory, added one, and put it in another location in memory.
55. The bot guessed computed whether a>b. I explained how the register machine program worked. The program jumped to a specific line if a register contained a particular value. In addition, a register instruction may jump to a separate line. I could go to a subroutine and return to where I came from using a stack.
56. The bot simplified the interpreter and converted it to C. The child learned advanced computer science. They became confident by writing long, detailed plans or computer games. They designed a font, wrote a programming language or wrote algorithms that found other algorithms inductively. I found algorithms found algorithms with enough of them in the database.
57. The bot added types to the register machine interpreter. The child wrote the interpreter. First, they wrote a parser. Before that, they wrote a binary search tree traverser. I modified a register machine interpreter.
58. The bot combined Outdoor Education with mathematics. I wrote a primary school simulation. It meant the mathematics from it. It contained algebra, geometry (programming angles on a computer), and using computers. I solved problems and used magic formulas such as the McCarthy 91 function.
59. The bot thanked their primary school teachers for speed and accuracy and for learning addition and multiplication tables. I covered calculus. I could add and multiply. I could visualise algebra by thinking of a formula finder. Calculus requires manipulating algebraic expressions, defining functions, and using basic trigonometry.
60. The bot covered curved lines in calculus. I covered linear algebra. I found the number of legs in 6 dogs and five hens. Linear algebra involves determining length, area, and volume. Linear algebra found the length of straight lines involving linear equations.
61. The bot covered the argument for Combination Algorithm Writer (CAW). I covered discrete mathematics. Discrete mathematics studies mathematical structures that are distinct and separated. For example, these structures may be combinations, graphs, and logical statements. Discrete structures are finite or infinite.
62. The bot found the correct answer using logic. I covered logic. In CAW, the base case needed to be created before the clause that referred to it. CAW could find formulas. I could modify CAW to call predicates with an argument [A|B], which it could convert from append (see Education of Pedagogy 3, paragraph 2).
63. The bot quickly identified the need and invented new technologies to help the person. The robot considered and responded to all thoughts of the person. The person suggested a positive question or problem from their experience. This problem required solving it with computation or automation. The robot listed the variables, formulas and logic required.
64. The bot changed to C, converting from Prolog and not using unnecessary choice points. The robot was a meditative companion. The robot found the best meditation course. Each thought was straightforward and satisfying. The robot helped visualise data flow analysis, type flow analysis with colour codes and diagnosed bottlenecks in algorithms using colour codes.

65. The bot tested the graphics line by line for colour, placement and animation. The bot tested graphics as data on the fly, reporting if it had errors. Graphics must be tested as data and algorithms to test their appearance and logic. I tested that the graphics looked right, were logically displaying correctly and that the whole game worked from start to finish. I forgot Nietzsche with Grammar Logic (GL) anyway.
66. Lucian CI/CD was a necessary way to refactor, debug and point to debugging. The bot tested graphics as algorithms on the fly, reporting if it had errors. I tested whether the graphics-producing algorithms, such as graphical data structures, had the correct input and output. This step rigorously verified the algorithm’s logic, using Lucian CI/CD to build the algorithm with only parts supported by the tests. This method required checking the code before it was as complete as possible, the tests, the code afterwards and the algorithm’s result.
67. The bot made an animation editor based on a programming language. The graphics algorithm maker outputted the animation algorithm, which stored pixels in memory and could be translated to HTML. The animation consisted of frames of graphics constructed from vector shapes, which were exported as HTML tables as graphics. I used meta refresh to animate the images. First, I rendered the bitmap graphics. Second, I saved them as HTML files.
68. The bot aimed for the desired mathematical result and achieved it. I made a graphics package that started with an arc and then transformed it into a 3D plane. I described the central coordinates of the arc and its dimensions, then created it as a sequence of straight line vectors, then placed these on a plane in 3D and rendered it from a certain angle. I could manipulate this plane, rotating it or changing the position, size or orientation of parts of it. I checked that the result was correct using a grid.
69. The bot included self-standing variables as commands in List Prolog. I wrote Lucian CI/CD tests as %a(A).\n%A=1.\n. I entered logical tests in Lucian CI/CD. I entered A=true, B=true in the previous version and A=false, B=false in the current version and found A=true and B=false to be the combined solution with the algorithm A, not(B). A more complicated algorithm may have multiple assignments (sets of satisfying values).
70. The bot wrote simple mathematical problems with CAW. Other tests could be written as %a., %a(1). or %a.\n%false., etc. I entered tests with variables in Lucian CI/CD. I wrote a programming language with expressions with variables to check. For example, I entered A=a, B=b in the previous version and A=c, B=d in the current version and found A=a and B=d to be the combined solution with the algorithm C is A+B when a=1,b=2,c=2,d=1 and C=2.
71. The bot possibly avoided moving up non-deleted items in a deletion. The queries and results in Lucian CI/CD tests could be written in one line. I wrote an assembly program to sort by finding minimum values. I found the minimum values, deleted them, printed them, and then repeated this with the rest of the values. I deleted the item from the list and then moved the other items up.
72. The bot supported multiple algorithms in a repository with numerous main files and main predicates. I wrote an assembly program to search. I stopped going down or across when I had found the answer. I found a way to prolong my longevity by breasoning out 4*50 Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) high distinctions in both the home and future times by being given 4*50 person high distinctions for claiming that immortality helped keep an actor’s appearance the same and meeting outstanding students in the MBA. Someone must have seen my brown hair in the future and my apparent grey hair in the present and worked out that I needed to breason out 4*50 BAG high distinctions each day in the present.
73. The bot tried the third level of quantum pointers to be schools, the fourth as other companies and the fifth as different universes. I supported Unicode in Prolog. Unicode was the modern equivalent of ASCII. I encoded each Unicode character in the appropriate format. Separately, I breasoned out the breasonings for a person and then the number of people to send these to.
74. The bot used the simplest possible effective solution at each point. I compressed the Prolog algorithm by compiling it with, for example, long-form. The stamping technology in d.sh quickly breasoned out pre-breasoned 4*50 high distinctions to account for 15 time travellers in each location, meaning one deserved a future spiritual apartment. It was faster than BAG at breasoning out high distinctions while delivering the quality desired to deserve accommodation. Quantum box stamps only pointed to BAG or 4*50 high distinction stamps unless the thoughts they pointed to were short.
75. The bot wrote innovative new code that was simpler than needed. I cut the predicate header in Lucian CI/CD to the result. I included the input and output and the initial list or string. The code self-healed, using the first correct input variable, labelling the others and warning/debugging on non-uniform program structure. I cut away unnecessary code based on the working predicate header.
76. The bot recognised the dog. To catch failure, I inserted the halt 1 command (on failure) in Prolog scripts. In the Daily Regimen shell script, these scripts could be re-run on the inability to help others and me retain our youthfulness. In the home time, the medicine quality was better from breasoning out the anti-ageing breasonings in conjunction with meditation, possibly preventing neurological disease and mental ageing, making one look the same. The person retained their youthfulness in the other dimension by staying close to the simulation.
77. The bot found the best combination of changes to the predicate over time. I tracked how the predicate was added to over time. I tracked whether commands and their arguments were added to or deleted from the predicate over time. I converted the predicate to a state machine and ran diff on it. I rated and simplified the changes.
78. The bot simplified the program. I rated the predicate’s simplicity. I compared its complexity with the complexity of its spec. In addition, I found the most straightforward possible alternative to the predicate and suggested it. I found the alternative if the complexity suggested it existed.
79. The bot checked the name against the data. I rated the algorithm’s functionalisation, which is the algorithm’s usefulness. I counted the number of times the predicate was used. In addition, I rated the predicate’s clarity of predicate and variable naming and commenting.
80. The bot found the algorithm, then the spec. I found possible problems with predicate under-verification. In contrast with over-verification, in which an erroneous spec spoilt the algorithm’s induction, under-verification didn’t have enough specs to find the algorithm. I fixed this by providing enough specs. I tried generating the spec using a neuronetwork.
"]