["Green, L 2021, <i>Moral compass</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2023",1,"Moral compass

Essay (change and influence, do and help)
Invest (serve and impress)

1.  I performed the task for the student well.  I found what the student could say and helped them by working it out with them.  I thought of several possible answers.  I thought of reasons for the best one and objections to others.  I thought of imagery and helped them articulate their ideas with it.
2.  I also cleaned up after helping the student.  I showed that I had thought clearly by putting the ideas away afterwards.  I washed my hands.  I cleaned the desk.  I went home.
3.  I explored the settings close by.  I studied the options to change the essay enough.  I wrote grammatically.  I researched \"yes\".  I avoided \"no\".
4.  A result of epistemology (a black box) was life.  I found meanings that seemed to be true about the explored ideas.  I interpreted pedagogy, choosing to set the top mark according to whether I agreed or disagreed as a lecturer by agreeing when I decided.  Everyone is free, and I am happy.  I wrote the reason for the result, reading science into epistemology (I wrote the correct number of ideas to mind map and deserved honours for the work).
5.  Breasonings were both spiritual (eastern) and scientific (western).  I tested the meanings (such as life, honours or success) with scientific metrics.  For example, I measured my heart rate by feeling my pulse.  Next, I counted the marks I earned.  Finally, I observed the customer buy the product.
6.  I wrote 5 As and listed 50 books (to set up connections), then wrote ten non-computational words symbolising algorithms in a sentence and shunted up to two ideas from another sentence between two of the ideas to form a connection.  First, I found the relationship between sentences.  Next, I thought of a story connecting the sentences.  Then, I broke it into steps.  Finally, I simplified the account to a word.
7.  I debugged the algorithm. 
I found the meaning between the states of an object.  I captured the moment of truth.  I avoided treating the effect.  I treated the cause.
8.  I circumnavigated the term as variable and possible nested findall skip bugs.  Then, I wrote the essay about applying skip to findall in Prolog.  I skipped findall.  I skipped the call in findall.  Finally, I skipped equals4 at the end.
9.  I examined the idea.  Essay Helper made me happy by giving me the gem rather than ignoring my hard work.  Working on the algorithm was the \"high-quality way\".  People recognised it and made it part of their lives, helping with most things.  By writing ideas between other ideas, I became happy (most likely by wiring my brain and being rewarded).
10.  Simplicity was the highest quality thought.  People carried (bought products symbolising) what made me happy.  I became pleased by drinking healthy drinks.  Algorithms about an idea are a sales machine, 
helping us love and logically analyse it.  The brain simplifies and remembers thoughts.
11.  I started with my interests, articulating to perfection by writing enough options and simplifying everything.  I mind-mapped complex thoughts and simplified them.  I wrote down my particular areas of interest.  I attached them to lines and keywords.  There was a graph of keywords, with detail in the form of variousness in depth.
12.  I considered critical thinking, and I answered my questions.  It was worth recording the simple thoughts as a valuable skill.  I wrote the conclusion, avoiding restating it.  I applied Vedic mind reading to find the famous quote.  I wrote topics that were famous because of meditation.
13.  It meant that robot government was possible.  I automated meditation, which is usually a big idea.  Meditation was possible for robots to process the inputs and outputs.  Robots checked logic and made gentle seen-as versions.  The robot lived a short, eventful life; alternatively, the owner reset it.
14.  I debated asking for no exact copies and a citation (assuming they had thought about it in the fuss and assuming they would do the right thing by the license).  Essay Helper was politically helpful.  After all, it was valuable, avoiding immorality because it involved students changing the essay enough.  It saved time and money, including medical bills.  People could spend more time studying and relaxing.  Because it provided the obvious, it was slight, yet saved hours of manual labour.
15.  If they do nothing, it blames them.  The Grammar Logic algorithm appeared to mind-read the students, qualifying their connections and other essay elements.  It prepared their choice of sentence.  It helped them work their conclusions out.  It also helped with their suggestion for future research.
16.  I deliberately considered weird ideas as my future research.  Some students partially rewrote the Essay Helper algorithm, checking for sentences left unparaphrased or preparing for a radically original essay. 
To write creatively, they could write an original mind map.  Or, they could connect groups of sentences.  Finally, they could find ideas and chains of uses.

"]