["Green, L 2024, <i>New theories</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"New behavioural theories

1. Clever employers kept employees by making up enough for them. The farm theory suggested that more successful industries produced necessary products. Employees fell into the \"necessary\" or \"unnecessary\" category. Their theory of what was required needed to match what they practised. For example, it could come down to making enough up.
2. From mind mapping to developing the feature, the customers' thoughts were of primary importance. The employees checked perspectives about a possible new feature. They fit the \"number one\" perspective. Also, they checked for Vedic mind reading to ensure the feature was necessary. Finally, they checked the wording and simplicity of the feature from the viewpoint of doing and using it.
3. The characters needed to test walking, flying and talking about the feature. The manager facilitated the spiritual perspectives. When an employee found keywords about a product from a view, the manager harmlessly problematised them ethically, financially and from a design perspective. The aim was to improve the feature and be the best. The features were compared and contrasted, and the students returned to the computer science characters.
4. I checked the employee's happiness and the logic of her reasons. Once I had distributed the products, I distributed feedback forms to test them. I observed that the employees were positive-minded. I saw one, thinking positively about the product and collecting feedback. The customer was happy and had further questions that the employee answered, and they felt fulfilled in answering.
5. I asked Antonia whether she could choose Uni (CPD) and Daoism (Art). The logic meant connecting a cycle of six ideas, representing 100%. I changed from demoralised to demonadalised. People felt happy meditating and often needed to detach and rewrite nested if-then statements in multiple predicates to preserve choice points. I checked whether I could reuse any predicates, saving editing extra code.
6. The theorist used blue cut to enable if-then with multiple clauses in the interpreter. I hard-coded blue cut, an example of introducing a new feature to cope with the limitations of Prolog, that only cut choice points of a single clause. I registered the true blue cut with the location ID and cut ID at the start of the first clause. Then, I activated the blue cut at the end of the first clause. Triggering the blue cut caused the monitor at the beginning of the second clause to fail, whereas if the programmer had not activated the blue cut, the second clause would possibly work.
7. The theorist tested the condition in the algorithm. I added if-then to the \"types to alg\" algorithm. It could pattern match (find whether an item was a member of a list or find a property of appended lists). It could append two items or find whether an item was the first or last item of a list. Or it could discover whether an item was the rest of either of the list without the first or last items or whether the item was inside the rest of one of the lists.
8. The theorist used neuronetworks within neuronetworks to operate on bits. The if-then statement contained unpredictable commands that computed non-pattern-matching data and contained multiple commands or recursion. For example, it found mathematical, string manipulation or commands involving variables in other algorithm parts. Also, a neuronetwork could find whether data resulted from two or more commands. Or, it could choose or create a recursive call with predictable or unpredictable commands.
9. The theorist asserted the constant. The \"types to alg\" algorithm found a list from other lists, for example, with a condition if an item was in a particular list. I could append the lists with a constant. This constant could be hard-coded or loaded from a text file or another algorithm part. The lists could be appended based on the value of a global (asserted) variable.
10. The theorist wrote formulas to find repeating patterns. I created theories from my algorithm library. The star metaphor represented the find lists algorithm, meaning it simplified lists to repeating units. This algorithm was helpful in all areas of study with lists with repeating items. I checked whether non-repeating parts could be constants.
11. The theorist found the frequency in the union. The formula represented the pattern. For example, it was a mathematical, matrix, logical, bitwise, database or computational procedure. It could be a mixture of these. For instance, 1+length(X)*matrix multiplication.
12. I found pattern matching in combination with formulas. For example, the programmer could use the string length with reverse to zerofill the rest of the digits. I used the constant in these conjunctions to determine the character instead of zero. Finally, I assigned the result to a global variable. The theorist reused and manipulated parts of the conjunction.
13. The theorist checked and wrote knowledge. I wrote the knowledge verification algorithm. First, it checked knowledge against old knowledge. Then, it checked knowledge against current knowledge. Finally, it worked out conclusions about current knowledge and wrote them down.
14. The theorist sometimes used the term meditation in other departments, dependent on a vote. I found the correct configuration of the argument. I wrote with \"self and other\" as an English argument and with or without terms from a department. I used \" self and other \" in Computational English (similar to Theology). I used \"self and other\". Computational English I used commonplace English examples in a three-step algorithm form. In medicine, I omitted breasonings, but in pedagogy, I kept them.
15. I wrote Prolog in the operating system with a microprocessor. I could use a seen-as-version for an idea. I saw it as relating to the microprocessor because of the latest advances. I simplified this circuit to a single crystal computing operation. I could check using induction.
16. The theorist optimised the circuit using smaller and smaller components. I studied Electrical and Electronic Engineering. I designed the circuit. I created memory (hardwired at first). I made logical operations.
"]