["Green, L 2021, <i>Purusha 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Purusha 1 of 4

ns, or Lucianic Monastics meditate for world peace.  The argument's philosophy is to leave 'nothing' unexplored inside the purusha-like shell.


1a.     I prepared to adorn myself with the lotus flower.  I did this by picking the lotus flower.  First, I walked to the pond.  Second, I positioned the secateurs below the lotus flower.  Third, I cut it from the plant.  In this way, I prepared to adorn myself with it by picking it.

2.    I prepared to like you.  I did this by offering my hand.  First, I lifted my hand.  Second, I held your hand.  Third, I lifted your hand.  In this way, I prepared to like you by offering my hand.

3.     I prepared to like myself.  I did this by eating the coconut from it's shell.  First, I became a monastic.  Second, I created the church's spiritual life with God.  Third, I brought world peace to the masses.  In this way, I prepared to like myself by eating the coconut from it's shell.

4.    I prepared to love everyone.  I did this by cutting the banana.  First, I cut the banana off the tree.  Second, I cut it's skin off.  Third, I cut it in half.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone by cutting the banana.

5.    I prepared to love you to everyone.  I did this by writing the manifesto about a lock.  First, I attended a theological school.  Second, I used my theological training to guide people.  Third, I taught their friends as well.

6.    I prepared to love myself to everything.  I did this by watering the medicinal plant instead of relying on luck.  First, I filled the watering cylinder with water.  Second, I positioned it over the plant's leaves.  Third, I watered it's leaves.  In this way, I prepared to love myself to everything by watering the medicinal plant instead of relying on luck.

7.    I prepared to say my conclusion.  I did this by hitting the drum.  First, I held the stick.  Second, I positioned it above the drum.  Third, I struck the drum with the stick.  In this way, I prepared to say my conclusion by hitting the drum.

8.    I prepared to love you to me.  I did this by accepting a donation.  First, I placed the box in the hall.  Second, I pointed it out to the meditator.  Third, the meditator placed the donation in the box.  In this way, I prepared to love you to me by accepting a donation.

9.     I prepared to love you to you.  I did this by writing a sacred text.  First, I wrote a line.  Second, I listened to my mother repeat it.  Third, I held my mother to her point.  In this way, I prepared to love you to you by writing a sacred text.

10.   I prepared to love everyone to you.  I did this by drinking the holy water.  First, I blessed the water.  Second, I filled each cup with water.  Third, I drank the water in my cup.  In this way, I prepared to love everyone to you by drinking the holy water.

"]