["Green, L 2021, <i>Blue Nature 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF MEDITATION
by Lucian Green
Blue Nature 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to wait for customers to arrive.  I did this by examining the fifth heavenly virtue patience.  First, I demonstrated compassion.  Second, I demonstrated blessing.  Third, I demonstrated forgiveness.  In this way, I prepared to wait for customers to arrive by examining the fifth heavenly virtue patience.

22.   I prepared to detail smaller ideas during and after attending the prestigious institution.  I did this by examining the sixth heavenly virtue kindness.  First, I demonstrated approval.  Second, I demonstrated faithfulness.  Third, I demonstrated the truth.  In this way, I prepared to detail smaller ideas during and after attending the prestigious institution by examining the sixth heavenly virtue kindness.

23.   I prepared to write the small idea's domain's end-points.  I did this by examining the seventh heavenly virtue humility.  First, I exhibited courage.  Second, I showed reserve.  Third, I effected (sic) selflessness.  In this way, I prepared to write the small idea's domain's end-points by examining the seventh heavenly virtue humility.

24.   I prepared to advertise Lucianic Meditation (the Lucian Academy).  I did this by making a big glittering sign.  First, I made the backing board.  Second, I attached the single strand of tinsel to the backing board.  Third, I repeated this until I had constructed the big glittering sign.  In this way, I prepared to advertise Lucianic Meditation (the Lucian Academy) by making a big glittering sign.

25.  I prepared to map nomenclature to evidence.  I did this by writing the nomenclature (terminology).  First, I determined whether the top-down argument structure place-object-subject-time should remain in-order or be reversed to be matched with a top-down phenomenon in nature.  For example, I matched place-object-subject-time against an eating.  Alternatively, I matched time-subject-object-place against a period.  In this way, I prepared to map nomenclature to evidence by writing the nomenclature (terminology).

26.   I prepared to make undeveloped things developed.  I did this by verifying that the flame was burning.  First, I looked at the candle.  Second, I looked at its wick.  Third, I verified that it was burning.  In this way, I prepared to make undeveloped things developed by verifying that the flame was burning.

27.   I prepared to keep the bouquet.  I did this by listening to the singer.  First, I sat in the audience.  Second, I saw the singer walk on stage.  Third, I found that I could listen to the singer.  In this way, I prepared to keep the bouquet by listening to the singer.

28.   I prepared to levitate for a short time.  I did this by jumping in the air.  First, I stood on the spot.  Second, I aimed to jump 0.15 metres in the air.  Third, I jumped 0.15 metres in the air.  In this way, I prepared to levitate for a short time by jumping in the air.

29.   I prepared to write the Lulu Iglesias song.  I did this by giving the girl the prehistoric magnum opus song.  First, I wrote about prehistory.  Second, I wrote a magnum opus about it.  Third, I wrote and gave the song about it to the girl.  In this way, I prepared to write the Lulu Iglesias song by giving the girl the prehistoric magnum opus song.

30.   I prepared to write the Primary School Song.  I did this by giving the boy the God (master) and horse primary school song.  First, I wrote about God (the master).  Second, I wrote about his horse.  Third, I wrote and gave a song about them to the boy.  In this way, I prepared to write the Primary School Song by giving the boy the God (master) and horse primary school song.

"]