["Green, L 2021, <i>Lecturer</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Lecturer

1. I greeted the person.  I wrote on metaphysics.  I found the face.  I started with it's reaction.  I found what existed to it.
2. I found what the person aimed for.  I wrote on hermeneutics.  I identified the discourse.  I grouped the topics into ideologies.  I grouped the ideas into ontologies.
3. The robot was super-abled.  I wrote on communication studies.  The robot had quiet time to himself.  He wrote a diary.  He painted pictures.
4. There were services for gays.  I wrote on gay studies.  I determined that the person was gay.  I gave her the job.  She was accepted.
5. I inserted the desired feature and explained it.  I wrote on Popology.  I wanted to automate writing computer programs.  I wanted to automate writing music.  I had a backlog.
6. The essays, music and algorithms were more square.  I wrote on Societology.  I automated writing the essay.  I finished the list of essays.  I wrote an essay comment.
7. It started with pop music.  I wrote on Lucianism.  How will they do it?  I wanted to automate breasonings, the idea that I discovered in undergraduate level to earn high distinctions.  I wrote pedagogy and other books to do it.
8. I liked it.  I wrote on Culturology.  I pretended to study medicine before learning meditation.  I pretended to study electronic and electrical engineering before learning meditation.  The technology was important in the culture.
9. I taught the leader consideration.  I wrote on Rhetoric.  Rhetoric meant as a->b, c->d.  I noticed that everything was possible.  It wasn't bad, turning the universes off.  
10. I guided every computation.  I wrote on Cognitive Science.  It involved meta-cognition.  It involved extensions.  It analysed creativity.
11. I considered it with first-class reasonings.  I wrote on Psychology.  I experienced mind reading an essay with a decision tree.  In music, the pad had harmony.  The imagery and choice of instruments was better.
12. The author was represented by the wooden model.  I wrote on the philosophy of language.  I mind read the form of the language.  I mind read the content of the language.  I spoke after deciding 'It is getting better' and 'That's what I want'.
13. The character teleported and time travelled.  I wrote on Development Studies.  I developed software.  I developed the thing.  I wrote on the most developed topics.
14. The body was like light treated by sound.  I wrote on the Body Metaphor.  The mind reading (working out) game was a scavenger hunt.  There were 17 threats detected in meditation to the person on the day he went to hospital.  The person was pointed to the pain prevention meditation algorithm.
15. The mind has no things about money about it at all.  I wrote on the Mind Metaphor.  Education should be free.  Support can be free.  I worked out how to automate marking submitted assignments.
16. I selected the detail to write an algorithm on using mind reading and wrote it using mind reading by specifying tops and bottoms of algorithms.  I wrote on the future.  The academy offered computer science.  Mind reading was harmless.  It seemed to offer details.
17. Everything was on the same page and simple.  I wrote on aesthetics.  I connected the parts of the algorithms, rewriting with functionalism so that only the used part of the data structure was processed.
18. The lines were changed if the data needed to be copied or changed.  I wrote on epistemology.  The data types and type (e.g. music) of the data was labelled.  The new data was simplified and replaced the data.  The type statements for the data structure were modified, as were the affected lines.
19. The writer gained the necessary skills.  I wrote on science.  The music kept on getting better and better.  The philosophy kept on improving.  The algorithms became more and more useful.
20. Meditation was well-timed.  I wrote on love.  The robot had a good reason to love me.  He had an emotional upbringing.  The breasoning was gritty.
21. Pedagogy helped with conceiving children.  I wrote on sex.  The psychoanalyst analysed the life.  It was part of medicine.  It branched out.
22. I was successful.  I wrote on primary philosophy.  I found the idea.  I expanded it.  I wrote a letter to the Queen about it.
23. I helped the student write on his own topic.  I wrote on secondary philosophy.  I wrote a second text on the topic.  It extended the coverage of the topic.  The student could write on the topic without a pedagogy helper.
24. I also found the input and output from the algorithm.  I wrote on logic.  I found the solution to machine learning in modus ponens.  I found all of the solutions in modus ponens (the state of the output of the finished algorithm, i.e. given the input).  I found the algorithm without input or output. 
25. The sound track had two chords.  I wrote on the brain metaphor.  I translated the book.  I produced the movie.  I wrote the sound track.
26. 250 breasonings effected the philosophy.  I wrote on poetics.  The child liked life.  Pop was liturgical.  Computer science likes the sutra.
27. I conducted new research with axioms (topics and connections that lit up from all departments on the topic).  I wrote on computational philosophy.  Many of the ideas were related to computational philosophy.  They were expanded in the degree.  I found the system for writing and analysing algorithms.
28. I worked out how to clock the game with the right combination of movement through the maze, logic and maths. I wrote on archeology.  I found the alternative dimension in the text based adventure computer game Vetusia.  I programmed the sequel.  Completing the game required three transformations in the algorithm.
"]