["Green, L 2021, <i>Time to Prepare 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Time to Prepare 2 of 4

11. The teacher prepared to represent being interested in a lesson by 'dotting it on'. He did this by climbing the rope ladder. First, he found the correct ladder. Second, he tested that the ladder was about to start. Third, he climbed the ladder with his arms and legs. In this way, the teacher prepared to represent being interested in a lesson by 'dotting it on' by climbing the rope ladder.

12. The pianist prepared to examine a biological noumenon. He did this by writing evidence for his positive thoughts. First, he observed an object. Second, he thought of another object that he had experienced the first object as having causal implications on the first one. Third, he wrote the name of the second object. In this way, the pianist prepared to examine a biological noumenon by writing evidence for his positive thoughts.

13. The swimmer prepared to swim a lap in the pool. He did this by practising rowing in the rowing boat. First, he held the oar with both hands. Second, he moved the oar backwards, towards him. Third, he moved the oar handle upwards. In this way, the swimmer prepared to swim a lap in the pool by practising rowing in the rowing boat.

14. The psychiatrist prepared to lift the child model on to the step. She did this by placing the crane model on the ground. First, she lowered the hook. Second, she sat the child model on the hook. Third, she lifted the child up. In this way, the psychiatrist prepared to lift the child model on to the step by placing the crane model on the ground.

15. The Cosmologist prepared to connect the idea to the road symbol. He did this by painting the road symbol on the road. First, he placed the template on the road. Second, he sprayed through the holes in the template. Third, he lifted the template from the ground. In this way, the Cosmologist prepared to connect the idea to the road symbol by painting the road symbol on the road.

16. The pop musician prepared to walk to the meditation centre. He did this by recognising himself in the mirror. First, he stood in front of the mirror. Second, he looked at himself. Third, he tested that the image's features matched his own. In this way, the pop musician prepared to walk to the meditation centre by recognising himself in the mirror.

17. The neuroscientist prepared to test that he could read the brain's thoughts. He did this by testing that the glass was clean. First, he looked at the glass. Second, he placed the cloth on the glass. Third, he polished the glass. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to test that he could read the brain's thoughts by testing that the glass was clean.

18. The neuroscientist prepared to read the letter in the brain. He did this by licking the letter's shape. First, he licked the 'A''s left side. Second, he licked the 'A''s right side. Third, he licked its cross bar. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to read the letter in the brain by licking the letter's shape.

19. The neuroscientist prepared to greedson out the thought, in other words, packed it to be moved. He did this by tying the sack up. First, he placed the contents on the ground. Second, he placed it in the sack. Third, he tied up the sack. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to greedson out the thought, in other words, packed it to be moved by tying the sack up.

20. The neuroscientist prepared to test that the start of the thought was highlighted. He did this by testing whether his top half was warm. First, he calculated the average skin temperature of his top half. Second, he found which temperature range it was in. For example, the temperature was warm because it was between 15 at 25 degrees centigrade. In this way, the neuroscientist prepared to test that the start of the thought was highlighted by testing whether his top half was warm.

"]