["Green, L 2021, <i>X Dimension 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
X Dimension 1 of 4



1.   I prepared to realise to write 15*2=30 As in Honours and 50*2=100 As in Masters and 250 As in PhD.  I did this by writing that in the talk of the company designed to help realise to write 15*2=30 As in Honours and 50*2=100 As in Masters and 250 As in PhD, I said I deleted the big ideas from each sentence of the talk and dotted these sentences on twice.  First, I deleted the big ideas from each sentence of the talk.  Second, I dotted these sentences on twice.  Third, I listened to each sentence.  In this way, I prepared to realise to write 15*2=30 As in Honours and 50*2=100 As in Masters and 250 As in PhD by writing that in the talk of the company designed to help realise to write 15*2=30 As in Honours and 50*2=100 As in Masters and PhD, I said I deleted the big ideas from each sentence of the talk and dotted these sentences on twice.

2.   I prepared to speak at important events.  I did this by making an intelligent comment after the talk.  First, I found the talk.  Second, I made an intelligent comment.  Third, I left the talk.  In this way, I prepared to speak at important events by making an intelligent comment after the talk.

3.   I prepared to be given the thoughts.  I did this by writing 15*2=30 As for Honours or 50*2=100 As for Masters or 250 As in PhD because my teacher wouldn't do it.  First, I wrote the first A.  Second, I prepared to write the next A.  Third, I repeated this until I had written the required number of As.  In this way, I prepared to be given the thoughts by writing 15*2=30 As for Honours or 50*2=100 As for Masters or 250 As in PhD because my teacher wouldn't do it.

4.   I prepared to write a journal article.  I did this by repeating writing 15 As per Honours assignment chapter after doing it once in my first attempt in the professor's class.  First, I wrote the first set of 15 As.  Second, I wrote the second set of 15 As.  Third, I repeated this for each chapter of each assignment.  In this way, I prepared to write a journal article by repeating writing 15 As per Honours assignment chapter after doing it once in my first attempt in the professor's class.

5.   I prepared to notice the icon.  I did this by writing that everything was like pop in that it had 250 breasonings.  First, I identified what it was.  Second, I observed what the 250 breasonings were used for.  Third, I noticed the parallels with pop.  In this way, I prepared to notice the icon by writing that everything was like pop in that it had 250 reasonings.

6.   I prepared to look after the children.  I did this by taking the lifeless pet to the vet.  First, I found the pet.  Second, I took it to the vet.  Third, I returned the revived pet home.  In this way, I prepared to look after the children by taking the lifeless pet to the vet.

7.   I prepared to update the whiteboard regularly.  I did this by multitasking.  First, I set the class the work.  Second, I set work for those that had finished.  Third, I allowed those that had finished this work to work on the computer.  In this way, I prepared to update the whiteboard regularly by multitasking.

8.   I prepared to find previous essays.  I did this by backing up my work.  First, I wrote the work.  Second, I made a first backup.  Third, I made a second backup.  In this way, I prepared to find previous essays by backing up my work.

9.   I prepared to write a famous essay.  I did this by blaming a recording of 50 specific As on a topic before starting on a topic on a day.  First, I wrote 50 As on a previous day.  Second, I breasoned these out on the day.  Third, I worked on the topic.  In this way,I prepared to write a famous essay by blaming a recording of 50 specific As on a topic before starting on a topic on a day.

10.                 I prepared to check that the adult was good.  I did this by meeting the good adult.  First, I observed her using her eyes.  Second, I observed her being a good citizen.  Third, I observed her acting on what she saw.  In this way, I prepared to check that the adult was good by meeting the good adult.

"]