["Green, L 2021, <i>Breathsonings 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Breathsonings 3 of 4

21. The robot manufacturer prepared to construct a robot of a particular height. He did this by weighing a solid. First, he added weight to the opposite side of the scales from the solid. Next, he continued to add weights until the two sides were equal. Finally, he summed the total weight of the weights to measure the object's weight. In this way, the robot manufacturer prepared to construct a robot of a particular height by weighing a solid.


22. The tailor shortened the jacket's sleeves. He did this by weighing a liquid. First, he put the weights with the approximate weight of the liquid on the opposite side of the scales from the fluid. Next, he added or removed weights to balance the scales. Finally, he summed the weights' weights. In this way, the tailor prepared to shorten the jacket's sleeves by weighing a liquid.


23. The nurse lifted the baby from the cot. She did this by lifting the bag of nappies from the ground. First, she tested that the handles had 0.01 m of plastic around the edges of a 0.15 x 0.05 m hole and held it using them. Then, she bent her hips and knees to lift the bag with her legs, not her back. Finally, she stood upbringing lift the bag. In this way, the nurse prepared to lift the baby from the cot by lifting the bag of nappies from the ground.


24. The gardener watered the frangipane. He did this by raising the water bottle. First, he placed the bottle upright on the table. Next, he grasped it, taking care not to tilt it. Finally, he held it, not too tightly, and lifted it vertically. In this way, the gardener prepared to water the frangipane by lifting the water bottle.


25. The doctor cleaned the bench. He did this by melting the ice. First, he melted the ice in a pan. Next, he sponged some of the water up. Then, he finished cleaning the bench with the sponge. In this way, the doctor prepared to clean the seat by melting the ice.


26.  I enjoyed life by myself.  I did this by writing that all the things in the world were mine.  First, I read the books.  Second, I enjoyed the sights.  Third, I held the objects.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy life by myself by writing that all the things in the world were mine.


27.   I observed the flight of the concords.  I did this by watching the horse drinking the dam water.  First, I walked in the paddock.  Second, I looked at the horse.  Third, I observed him drink from the dam.  In this way, I prepared to see the flight of the concords by watching the horse drinking the dam water.


28.   I lived the good life.  I did this by writing while walking in the hills.  First, I walked gingerly.  Second, I walked casually.  Third, I wrote down all of the details.  In this way, I prepared to live a proper life by writing while walking in the hills.


29.   I prepared to take care of the incubator.  I did this by stating year eight had Sex Education.  First, I observed the man insert the rod into the void.  Second, I took notes.  Third, I took the lesson home.  In this way, I prepared to take care of the incubator by stating year eight had Sex Education.


30.   I was popular.  I did this by meditating (writing philosophy) to become a graduate employee.  First, I meditated (wrote my opinion).  Second, I gained skills in performing well in examinations.  Third, I became a graduate employee.  In this way, I prepared to be popular by meditating (writing philosophy) to become a graduate employee.


"]