["Green, L 2021, <i>Rebreathsonings 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Rebreathsonings 2 of 4

11. The autist explained that he had several generations of ancestors of intellectuals, by labelling a point on a line. He did this by placing the octahedrons on the tray. First, he drew the unfolded octahedron on the paper. Second, he cut it out. Third, he folded it into a three-dimensional octahedron. In this way, the autist prepared to explain that he had several generations of ancestors of intellectuals, by labelling a point on a line by placing the octahedrons on the tray.


12. The autist prepared to demonstrate that his work performance provided some social integration by encountering a burst of A-grade thoughts because of thinking of a particular thought in the conversation. He did this by pushing the woven thread down. First, he crossed over the threads. Then, he pushed the thread down. Finally, he had an A given to him. In this way, the autist prepared to demonstrate that his work performance provided some social integration by encountering an A because of thinking of a particular thought in the conversation by pushing the woven thread down.


13. The autist prepared to demonstrate that his work performance was excellent by writing down why he loved people. He did this by lapping the water. First, he placed his mouth on the edge of the cup. Second, he drank some of the water. Third, he lifted his head. In this way, the autist prepared to demonstrate that his work performance was excellent by writing down why he loved people by lapping the water.


14. The autist became a faculty member in the Department of Astronomy by finding a reason for an objection to an error in high-quality work by querying what the first action that was supposed to have a reaction was because there was no other thing to react to. He did this by placing the mortar object (representing the reason for the objection) on the brick. First, he put the first brick down. Second, he put mortar on the first brick. Third, he placed the second brick on the mortar. In this way, the autist prepared to become a faculty member in the Department of Astronomy.  He did this by finding a reason for an objection to an error in high quality work by querying what the first action that was supposed to have a reaction.  He found a reason for an objection because there was no other thing to react to by placing the mortar object (representing the reason for the objection) on the brick.


15. The Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate his prodigious memory by associating parts to memorise with significant parts he walked past. He did this by shaking his hand in the air. First, he clenched his fist. Second, he raised it in the air. Third, he shook it. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate his prodigious memory by associating parts to memorise with parts of significant parts he walked past by shaking his hand in the air.


16. The Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate her extraordinary preoccupation by studying with many short breaks. She did this by stabbing a sausage. First, she measured the distance one-fifth along the length of the sausage. Second, she positioned the fork above this position. Third, she stabbed the sausage at this position. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate her extraordinary preoccupation by studying with many short breaks, by stabbing a sausage.


17. The Asperger patient showed his mastery of sports statistics by remembering the match with the top score. He did this by driving someone up to the door in a tricycle. First, he started at the edge of the courtyard. Second, he drove through the courtyard. Third, he stopped at the door. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate his mastery of sports statistics by remembering the match with the top score by driving someone up to the door in a tricycle.


18. The Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate his superb knowledge of history trivia. He did this by testing whether he was a man or a woman. First, he took off his shirt. If he was not wearing a bra, then he decided he was a man. Alternatively, if he, or she, in fact, was wearing a bra, then she decided she was a woman. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to demonstrate his superb knowledge of history trivia by testing whether he was a man or a woman.


19. The Asperger patient tested his expansive conversation by researching one detail from each of the X-Y-Z/verb-touching, human-judgment-of-subject/human-judgment-of-object, room/part-of-room/direction-in-room/time-to-prepare/time-to-do/time-to-finish criteria. He did this by cooking three hundred and sixty degrees of the caba単a. First, he put the caba単a in the fire. Second, he rotated it. Third, he waited 15 minutes until he had cooked the caba単a. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to test his expansive conversation by researching one detail from each of the X-Y-Z/verb-touching, human-judgment-of-subject/human-judgment-of-object, room/part-of-room/direction-in-room/time-to-prepare/time-to-do/time-to-finish criteria by cooking three hundred and sixty degrees of the caba単a.


20. The Asperger patient prepared to appear seemingly scholarly by doffing a wig and gown. He did this by pulling the model bird's string. First, he suspended the model from the Japanese light. Second, he held its string. Third, he pulled it. In this way, the Asperger patient prepared to appear seemingly scholarly by doffing a wig and gown by pulling the model bird's string.


"]