["Green, L 2021, <i>Y Dimension 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Y Dimension 1 of 4



1.   I prepared to cover the prestigious perspectives on the topic.  I did this by writing breasonings on different departmental topics.  First, I wrote breasonings on the first department.  Second, I prepared to write breasonings on the second department.  Third, I repeated this until I had written breasonings on all of the departments.  In this way, I prepared to cover the prestigious perspectives on the topic by writing breasonings on different departmental topics.

2.   I prepared to take part in an internship.  I did this by writing on an important topic.  First, I made notes about what was important.  Second, I became equally important to an important writer.  Third, I wrote on the topic.  In this way, I prepared to take part in an internship by writing on an important topic.

3.   I prepared to write letters to famous students.  I did this by stating that Nietzsche wrote for famous students appointed by the Vatican.  First, I found the students.  Second, I helped them to be appointed by the Vatican.  Third, I wrote for them.  In this way, I prepared to write letters to famous students by stating that Nietzsche wrote for famous students appointed by the Vatican.

4.   I prepared to make sales to potential buyers.  I did this by breasoning out 50 As for a sale from a buyer appointed by the Vatican .  First, I verified who the Vatican recommended to help to buy.  Second, I wrote down the person's name.  Third, I breasoned out 50 As for a sale from this buyer.  In this way, I prepared to make sales to potential buyers by breasoning out 50 As for a sale from a buyer appointed by the Vatican.

5.   I prepared to sleep in the object.  I did this by analysing the object's depth.  First, I walked to the object.  Second, I took out a measuring tape.  Third, I measured it's depth.  In this way, I prepared to sleep in the object by analysing the object's depth.

6.   I prepared to be the best ever.  I did this by walking past the person.  First, I found the person.  Second, I walked past her.  Third, I reached the goal.  In this way, I prepared to be the best ever by walking past the person.

7.   I prepared to stack the objects.  I did this by computing the particular combination of objects to fit in the particular depth.  First, I tried the first object and the second object.  Second, I tried the first object and the third object. Third, I tried the first object and the fourth object.  In this way, I prepared to stack the objects by computing the particular combination of objects to fit in the particular depth.

8.   I prepared to make life as easy as child's play.  I did this by stating the paradox: which is first, pop or philosophy.  First, I wrote pop came first.  Second, I wrote philosophy am second.  Third, I wrote this was because children came before adults.  In this way, I prepared to make life as easy as child's play by stating the paradox: which is first, pop or philosophy.

9.   I prepared to performed the somersault.  I did this by swinging on the trapeze.  First, I climbed the ladder.  Second, I held the trapeze.  Third, I swung on it.  In this way, I prepared to performed the somersault by swinging on the trapeze.

10.                 I prepared to ride to market.  I did this by riding the Italian stallion.  First, I found the Italian stallion.  Second, I mounted the stallion.  Third, I rode the stallion.  In this I prepared to ride to market by riding the Italian stallion.

"]