["Green, L 2021, <i>Direction 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Direction 1 of 4



1. The fairy godmother prepared to find the present. She did this by testing whether she could see her friend. First, she examined whether the current person had a moustache, like her friend. She also examined whether the current person had a hat, like her friend. She finally tested whether the person also had brown eyes, like her friend. In this way, the fairy godmother prepared to find the present by examining whether she could see her friend.

2. The salesperson gave a spiel. He did this by cleaning his mouth before talking. First, he found the detritus in his lips. Second, he lifted it up. Third, he took it out of his mouth. In this way, the salesperson gave a spiel by cleaning his mouth before talking.

3. The oarsman prepared to row the boat. He did this by shaving his beard. First, he clippered the left side of his beard. Second, he clippered the right side of his beard. Third, he clippered the middle of the beard. In this way, the oarsman prepared to row the boat by shaving his beard.

4. The parent sat the baby upright. He did this by placing the pancake box on its base. First, he rotated the box until he found a side with lettering. Next, he rotated the box until the lettering was legible. Finally, he placed the box on the table with the writing facing forward. In this way, the parent prepared to sit the baby upright by putting the pancake box on its base.

5. The winemaker tasted the wine. He did this by smelling the rose. First, he positioned his nostrils above the rose. Next, he inhaled through his nose with a short, sharp sniff. Finally, he smelled the scent with his olfactory sense. In this way, the winemaker prepared to taste the wine by smelling the rose.

6. The stage manager hoisted the singer. He did this by closing the box. First, he found the lid. Next, he found the tab attached to the lid. Finally, he inserted the tab into the box. In this way, the stage manager prepared to hoist the singer by closing the box.

7. The director counted how many actors the light was shining on. He did this by counting the blades of grass. First, he tested for the grass root. Second, he tested the blade of grass was at least 0.03 metres tall. Third, he repeated this process until he had counted all the blades of grass. In this way, the director prepared to count how many actors the light was shining on by counting the blades of grass.

8. The ice cream parlour owner ate the ice cream. She did this by facing the wardrobe. First, she tested that the wardrobe had doors. Second, she tested that it had the depth of a wardrobe. Third, she tested that it had the height of a wardrobe. In this way, the ice cream parlour owner prepared to eat the ice cream by facing the wardrobe.

9. The muesli bar manufacturer wrapped the muesli bar in plastic. He did this by wrapping the ribbon around the tennis racket handle. First, he placed the ribbon perpendicular to the handle. Second, he held it against the handle. Third, he wrapped it around the handle. In this way, the muesli bar manufacturer wrapped the muesli bar in plastic by wrapping the ribbon around the tennis racket handle.

10. The ice cream parlour customer licked the ice cream. He did this by hosing himself. First, he pointed the hose at the ground. Second, he turned the water on. Third, he wiggled the water all over his body, from his head down. In this way, the ice cream parlour customer licked the ice cream by hosing himself.

"]