["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 14 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 14 of 30

130.	ALEXIS: I prepared to state that the immediate experience was positive, and there was an overall delightful experience. I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Alexius Meinong's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I thought of experience as defining the text's character's personality. Second, I thought of socio-economic status as partially defining the speech's character's character. Third, I transcended experience to have a better socio-economic status.

131.	DION: The subject shouldn't be late without a message (where the subject stated that the immediate experience was positive, and there was an overall delightful experience, where the overall pleasant experience was that of arriving in time).

132.	ALEXIS: The subject should be early.

133.	DION: The subject should be early in making spiritual preparation for the next part of life.

134.	ALEXIS: What is the meaning of line(Line1, Item) in line 19?

135.	DION: Line 19 determines whether Line1 contains a line of at least 2 Item's.

136.	ALEXIS: I prepared to say Derrida does not mention these little As during Derrida's text, nor does he mention them about it. I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I prepared to ask, what writing, I can't see any writing about the topic? Second, I disliked (liked) the writer. Third, I disliked (liked) discussing the writer.

137.	DION: The subject shouldn't become a founder (where the subject stated that As are not mentioned during, but are referred to about Derrida's text, noting that I moved along the line of the A's breasonings).

138.	ALEXIS: The subject should become a founder.

139.	DION: Two uses is correct because of the initiation of nature, which is correct because the subject should become a founder.
"]