["Green, L 2021, <i>Y Dimension 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Y Dimension 4 of 4

31.   I prepared to givenate (sic).  I did this by stating that it was necessary to be helped.  First, I stated that I helped you.  Second, I stated that you helped me.  Third, I stated that we helped everyone in sight.  In this way, I prepared to givenate by stating that it was necessary to be helped.

32.   I prepared to paint the wall.  I did this by stating that I liked you.  First, I found you.  Second, I liked you.  Third, I talked with you.  In this way, I prepared to paint the wall by stating that I liked you.

33.   I prepared to cook another poppadum.  I did this by eating the poppadum.  First, I placed the poppadum on the pan.  Second, I cooked it.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to cook another poppadum by eating the poppadum.

34.  I prepared to identify the essay mark.  I did this by identifying the philosophy synthesis.  First, I identified the positive idea.  Second, I identified the single argument.  Third, I identified the argument structure.  In this way, I prepared to identify the essay mark by identifying the philosophy synthesis.

35.  I prepared to spread the contents of the seed.  I did this by breasoning out the dehiscence.  First, I identified the weak line in the edge of the seed.  Second, I observed the line split.  Third, I observed the contents fall out of the seed.  In this way, I prepared to spread the contents of the seed by breasoning out the dehiscence.

36.  I prepared to find the loiterer (guest).  I did this by drinking the apple juice.  First, I opened the apple juice container.  Second, I poured the glass of apple juice.  Third, I drank it.  In this way, I prepared to find the loiterer (guest) by drinking the apple juice.

37.  I prepared to earn the money.  I did this by training the best racing horse.  First, I found the best racing horse.  Second, I trained it.  Third, I watched him win.  In this way, I prepared to earn the money by training the best racing horse.

38.   I prepared to be loved.  I did this by writing the music synthesis.  First, I wrote the featured breasoning.  Second, I wrote the featured syntheses between music and lyrics.  Third, I finished the synthesis.  In this way, I prepared to be loved by writing the music synthesis.

39.   I prepared to synthesise 50 As worth of main breasonings, including 15 for the main role and 5 for other roles.  I did this by writing the theatre studies synthesis.  First, I turned over the famous line.  Second, I assigned the lines to magical times.  Third, I synthesised the breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to synthesise 50 As worth of main breasonings, including 15 for the main role and 5 for other roles by writing the theatre studies synthesis.

40.  I prepared to move the spatula of blueberry jam away from me and the balloon.  I did this by preventing the headache (ensure health) in meditation (philosophy) using the currant bun protector.  First, I observed that the finger had been inserted in the currant bun.  Second, I observed the other fingers take turns to do the same thing.  Third, I observed that this prevented the headache (ensured health).  In this way, I prepared to move the spatula of blueberry jam away from me and the balloon by preventing the headache (ensure health) in meditation (philosophy) using the currant bun protector.

41.   I prepared to find out that some people may not be suited to meditation, and shouldn't do what requires meditation (they should write philosophy).  I did this by preventing a panic attack (maintaining health).  First, I stopped meditating (repeating) using the mantra (word).  Second, I stopped meditating (repeating) using the sutra (word).  Third, I breathed deeply.  In this way, I prepared to find out that some people may not be suited to meditation, and shouldn't do what requires meditation (they should write philosophy) by preventing a panic attack (maintaining health).

42.  I prepared to observe the couple help the child with school work.  I did this by observing the couple breason out the Anarchy argument to help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage.  First, I observed the one of the members of the couple breason out the Anarchy argument.  Second, I observed that the conception had been successful.  Third, I observed the couple meditate (see a doctor) before, during and after pregnancy.  In this way, I prepared to observe the couple help the child with school work by observing the couple breason out the Anarchy argument to help ensure successful conception and prevent miscarriage.

"]