["Green, L 2021, <i>Breathsonings 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Breathsonings 2 of 4

11. The butterscotch tablet maker prepared to make crates for the tablets. He did this by making cream from butter, milk and sugar. First, he separated the butter into 0.01 m edge-length cubes, forming a checkerboard. Then, he poured milk into one-quarter of each of the spaces surrounding the butter cubes. Finally, he mashed and mixed the butter and milk together. In this way, the butterscotch tablet maker prepared to make crates for the tablets by making cream from butter, milk and sugar.


12. The fruiterer planted a fig tree. He did this by placing the fruit in the centre of the bowl. First, he added half the bowl's width to its left edge. Second, he added half the pan's depth to its front side. Finally, he lowered the fig at these coordinates until it touched the bottom of the bowl. In this way, the fruiterer prepared to plant a fig tree by placing the fruit in the centre of the bowl.


13. The sporting bowler hit the ball. He did this by lifting and placing the bowl in front of him. First, he lifted up the bowl. Next, he brought it forward. Finally, he put it in front of him. In this way, the sporting bowler prepared to hit the ball by lifting and placing the bowl in front of him.


14. The fruitmonger cleaned the broom handle. He did this by eating the popsicle. First, he measured 0.01 m down from the top of the popsicle. Next, he bit and warmed the biteful by salivating on it as he chewed it. Then, he repeated the process until he had completely eaten the popsicle. In this way, the fruitmonger prepared to clean the broom handle by eating the popsicle.


15. The hairstylist practised giving a haircut to an orange. He did this by cutting both hemispheres off an orange peel. First, he inserted his knife where the orange's stem was. Secondly, he cut a semicircle to the opposite point of the orange. Thirdly, he completed the circle by cutting back to the original point. In this way, the hairstylist practised giving a haircut to an orange by cutting both hemispheres off its peel.


16. The paper recycler prepared to recycle the pile of papers. He did this by testing that the popsicle had completely melted in the pan. First, he tested that the popsicle was not higher than a pool of liquid. Second, he tested that the solid was not visible. Thirdly, he proved that there was no sound of melting anymore. In this way, the paper recycler prepared to recycle the pile of papers by testing that all the popsicle had completely melted in the pan.


17. The garbage truck man washed the bin. He did this by measuring the solid to liquid ratio. First, he wrote down the volume of solid. Second, he wrote down the amount of fluid. Third, he divided the volume of solid by the amount of liquid. In this way, the garbage truck man prepared to wash the bin by measuring the solid to liquid ratio.


18. The metaphysician cleaned a mat. He did this by calculating the time difference between a solid and liquid of the same type. First, he measured the time to carry the tan bark with controlled steps. Then, he measured the time to carry the water without spilling it. After this, he subtracted the lesser of the two from the greater of the two to find the time difference between them. In this way, the metaphysician prepared to wash a mat. He did this by calculating the time difference between a solid and liquid of the same type.


19. The hairdresser prepared to dry the client's hair. She did this by measuring the boiling point of water. Firstly, she placed the thermometer in the pot of water. Secondly, she stirred the water as it boiled. Thirdly, she read the temperature next to the meniscus when the water had boiled. In this way, the hairdresser prepared to dry the client's hair by measuring the boiling point of water.


20. The cab driver circled the city. He did this by measuring the melting point of water when he stirred it. First, he placed ice in a freezer. Then, he increased the temperature of the freezer and stirred it. Lastly, he measured the temperature when the ice melted. In this way, the cab driver prepared to circle the city by measuring the melting point of water.


"]