["Green, L 2021, <i>Room 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Room 1 of 4



1. The Polytechnic designer prepared to plan for no walls between rooms in the polytechnic.  He did this by eating from the flat bowl. First, he touched the left side of the pea. Second, he touched the right side of the pea with another finger on his hand. Third, he moved the pea to the left. In this way, the Polytechnic designer prepared to plan for no walls between rooms in the polytechnic by eating from the flat bowl.


2. The airlifter prepared to count the number of rescued crew. He did this by writing 'A' with the chalk. First, he lifted his hand to the line. Second, he applied the chalk to the blackboard. Third, he wrote the letter 'A'. In this way, the airlifter prepared to count the number of rescued crew by writing 'A' with the chalk.


3. The airlifter tested that all of the rescued crewmember's articles of clothing were securely worn. He did this by eating the slice of cake. First, he ate the strawberry. Second, he ate the cake topping. Third, he ate the main part of the slice of cake. In this way, the airlifter prepared to test that all of the rescued crewmember's articles of clothing were securely worn by eating the slice of cake.


4. The rocket artist drew the regions of the rocket. He did this by cutting out the letter. First, he opened the scissors at the edge of the paper. Second, he cut along the lines of the outside of the letter. Third, he folded the paper in half, made a cut in the hole of the letter, and cut out the hole. In this way, the rocket artist prepared to draw the regions of the rocket by cutting out the letter.


5. The pilot prepared to test the system was working. He did this by lighting the candle. First, he made sure the candle was upright. Second, he lit the candle. Third, he made sure the flame stayed alight. In this way, the pilot prepared to test the system was working by lighting the candle.


6. The helicopter pilot prepared to remove the lavender from the heliport. She did this by burning the aromatherapy oil. First, she squeezed oil from eucalyptus leaves into water. Second, she rubbed two sticks together to produce a fire. Third, she evaporated the liquid to produce an aroma. In this way, the helicopter pilot prepared to remove the lavender from the heliport by burning the aromatherapy oil.


7. The helicopter pilot prepared to take off and land. He did this by heating the vegan sausage. First, he placed it in a pan. Second, he lit a fire. Third, he heated the sausage in the pan over the fire. In this way, the helicopter pilot prepared to take off and land by heating the vegan sausage.


8. The body artist mimicked a sapling. He did this by painting himself green with body paint. First, he uncapped the body paint. Second, he applied the body paint to a brush. Third, he applied the brush to his body. In this way, the body artist prepared to mimic a sapling by painting himself green with body paint.


9. The swimmer kicked the water with his feet. He did this by feeling his heartbeat. First, he undid his shirt. Second, he placed his hand on his heart. Third, he felt it beat once. In this way, the swimmer prepared to kick the water with his feet by feeling his heartbeat.


10. The artist prepared to dabble with the paints. He did this by adding milk to the cake mixture. First, he opened the carton of milk. Second, he placed it over the mixture. Third, he poured it onto the mixture. In this way, the artist prepared to dabble with the paints by adding milk to the cake mixture.


"]