["Green, L 2021, <i>Part of Room 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Part of Room 2 of 4

11. The philosopher comparing normativity (judgments) with the human rights philosopher (stating the distinction of acts and prevention of omissions is a mixture) tested that all the subjects' duties (acts) and rights (prevention of omissions) were the same. He did this by separating the lettuce and tomato using a knife and spoon. First, he placed the lettuce and tomato on the plate. Second, he moved the lettuce to the left with the knife. Third, he moved the tomato to the right with the spoon. In this way, the philosopher comparing normativity (judgments) with the human rights philosopher (stating the distinction of acts and prevention of omissions is a mixture) tested that all the subjects' duties (acts) and rights (prevention of omissions) were the same.  He did this by separating the lettuce and tomato using a knife and spoon.


12. The religious university union club speaker linked a student into a subject by thinking of an 'A' (using the ideas from 6. and 7. above) about him. He did this by recognizing whose bedroom it was. First, he matched the sheet colour with that of his friend. Second, he matched the blanket cover colour with that of his friend. Third, he matched the wall colour with that of his friend. In this way, the religious university union club speaker linked a student into a subject by thinking of an 'A' about him by recognizing whose bedroom it was.


13. The independent school student chose the best passages to write on. He did this by maintaining good posture to retain his heart health. First, he detected which way was up using his vestibular system. Second, he stood up. Third, he stood up straight. In this way, the independent school student chose the best passages to write on by maintaining good posture to retain his heart health.


14. The school student chose the sentences containing the key term from the question. She did this by reading the book of timetables. First, she selected the correct timetable from the book. Second, she selected the correct day from the timetable. Third, she selected the correct stop for the day from the timetable. In this way, the school student chose the sentences containing the key term from the question by reading the book of timetables.


15-"]