["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
God Algorithm 1 of 4



1.     I prepared to be open-ended.  I did this by loving you, The God (the master).  First, I held you, The God (the master).  Second, I hugged you.  Third, I released you.  In this way, I prepared to be open-ended by loving you, The God (the master).

2.    I prepared to experience God (the leader).  I did this by stating that God (the leader) is alive through a lineage to me as a meditation (writing) from God (the leader).  First, I noted that there was a meditation (writing) from God (the leader).  Second, I observed that there was a lineage to me from this meditation (writing).  Third, I stated that God (the leader) is alive through this lineage.  In this way, I prepared to experience God (the leader) by stating that God (the leader) is alive through a lineage to me as a meditation (writing) from God (the leader).

3.     I prepared to share the firecracker with other people.  I did this by following God (the facilitator).  First, I found God.  Second, I followed him.  Third, I held a celebration.  In this way, I prepared to share the firecracker with other people by following God (the facilitator).

4.    I prepared to crush the juniper berry.  I did this by cutting open the juniper berries.  First, I positioned the knife above the juniper berry.  Second, I cut it in half.  Third, I examined it's interior.  In this way, I prepared to crush the juniper berry by cutting open the juniper berries.

5.    I prepared to taste the coconut bounty.  I did this by observing the vegan use a spear.  First, I observed the vegan hold the spear.  Second, I observed the vegan throw the spear at the fig.  Third, I observed him eat the fig.  In this way, I prepared to taste the coconut bounty by observing the vegan use a spear.

6.    I prepared to lick the coconut cream.  I did this by sharpening the tip of the spear.  First, I made the sharp rock.  Second, I sharpened the tip of the spear by moving the stone towards the tip.  Third, I tested the spear on the mat.  In this way, I prepared to lick the coconut cream by sharpening the tip of the spear.

7.    I prepared to eat the acidophilus.  I did this by spearing the acidophilus.  First, I made the acidophilus.  Second, I speared it.  Third, I smoothed it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the acidophilus by spearing the acidophilus.

8.    I prepared to perform at the jazz concert.  I did this by writing the jazz.  First, I wrote the jazz chord.  Second, I wrote the progression of chords.  Third, I played it.  In this way, I prepared to perform at the jazz concert by writing the jazz.

9.     I prepared to sit in the gazebo.  I did this by designing the gazebo.  First, I designed the floor.  Second, I designed the walls.  Third, I designed the roof.  In this way, I prepared to sit in the gazebo by designing the gazebo.

10.   I prepared to orient the triangles correctly.  I did this by making jag saw (sic) puzzle.  First, I painted the picture on the wood.  Second, I cut it into jagged pieces.  Third, I made the picture using the pieces.  In this way, I prepared to orient the triangles correctly by making jag saw (sic) puzzle.

"]