["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 4 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 4 of 30


31.	ALEXIS: I prepared to work out that Derrida's writing was the As, not disappointing the reader with no or two (sic) many breasonings. I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I liked writing. Second, I liked the author. Third, I talked about the author.

32.	DION: The subject shouldn't visualise the object (where the subject worked out that Derrida's writing was the As, not disappointing the reader with no or two (sic) many breasonings, allowing one to visualise one object per sentence).

33.	ALEXIS: The subject should visualise the object by saying the breasonings ways of thinking to God, then breasoning out the object (thinking of its x, y and z dimensions).

34.	DION: The student should read each question carefully in the supplementary examination.   ALEXIS: I prepared to naturally expect goodness when I had forgotten or not forgotten a point. I did this by writing Michel Onfray's probable comments on the Press Release for Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, inspired by Nussbaum, I got it right (I wrote unique phenomena in each case) as well as the computer. Second, I liked transcending the text by bracketing it (forgetting it and later writing on the most important point). Third, I wanted critical thinking's argument structures, converting arguments into argument maps and vice versa.

35.	DION: The subject shouldn't write a summary from memory (where the subject naturally expected goodness when a point had been forgotten or not forgotten, like imagining being able to hold the object when he had not forgotten the point).

36.	ALEXIS: The subject should write a summary from memory.

37.	DION: The subject should verify his summary.

38.	ALEXIS: I prepared to write the first philosopher's first comment set related to either Lucian's line or the second philosopher's first comment set on Lucian's line. I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on Michel Onfray's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I asked what's the relevance of writing and subjects he (Onfray) hasn't studied? Second, I asked what's the question (asking how to write 100 As per Masters assignment chapter?). Third, I asked what's the relevance of all this?

39.	DION: The subject shouldn't read the comments on the comments (where the subject wrote the first philosopher's first comment set related to either Lucian's line or the second philosopher's first comment set on Lucian's line, where Lucian's line is like the beyond).

40.	ALEXIS: The subject should read the comments on the comments.
"]