["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 2 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 2 of 30

11.	ALEXIS: The subject should see the light of day.

12.	DION: The subject should write original algorithms and arguments to see the light of day.

13.	ALEXIS: I prepared to write I don't like vegan meat, good approaching bad, like I don't like human-likeness, bad approaching good. I did this by writing Richard Rorty's probable comments on the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' likely comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I thought the professor's image of the vocal folds was weird (interesting) because it wasn't (was) real. Second, I liked realism, ironism, to do with text-to-speech. Third, I didn't like text-to-speech because I didn't think robotics was real enough.

14.	DION: The subject shouldn't endorse positive-enough objects (where the subject wrote, 'I like vegan meat, or good approaching the different other, like human-likeness, or the different other approaching good,' where I can use an object that was approached by good or has approached good).

15.	ALEXIS: The subject should endorse positive-enough objects.

16.	DION: The subject should see the light of day by supporting sometimes disagreeing, positive-enough entities.

17.	ALEXIS: I prepared to say that I dislike (like) that spiritual is real, there would be flittering, fluttering, madness (sanity). I did this by writing Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' likely comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, entering text to be converted to speech is confusing at first because of the format the typist needs to enter it into the computer. Second, I wrote, what if it gets it wrong (right) because of not having met that format before. Third, I don't (do) like the format either, the high-quality sex scenes with robots and things like that, meaning the algorithm to carry out spiritual communication.

18.	DION: The subject shouldn't not want verifying 4D (imagining opening a box, like the spiritual) from 3D (a box, like the real) is safe (where the subject said that he liked that the spiritual is real, like wanting an object in an image is real, so there would be sanity).

19.	ALEXIS: The subject should verify 4D (imagining opening a box, like the spiritual) from 3D (a box, like the real) is safe.

20.	DION: The subject should verify the spiritual (as real) in essays.
"]