["Green, L 2021, <i>Professor Algorithm 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Professor Algorithm 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to spiritually question a sentence with 15 questions against 10-20 breasonings for the sentence, after a student writer wrote on the topic.  I did this by writing 10 breasonings per sentence.  First, I wrote 10-20 breasonings.  Second, I joined their corresponding area of study points to them.  Third, I wrote a synthesis for these.  In this way, I prepared to spiritually question 2 sentences with 15 questions each at a time against 50 breasonings for the two sentences, after a student writer wrote on the topic by writing 10 breasonings per sentence.

32.   I prepared to sell each PhD sentence.  I did this by writing 6 breasonings for each PhD sentence.  First, I read the sentence.  Second, I spiritually questioned the sentence with 15 questions.  Third, I observed the 6 breasonings being given to each sentence.  In this way, I prepared to sell each PhD sentence by writing 6 breasonings for each PhD sentence.

33.   I prepared to be famous.  I did this by finding out a sentence from the professor.  First, I gave myself 5 10 breasoning As to find out sentences from the professor.  Second, I wrote the tenure argument.  Third, I wrote the secondary text argument.  In this way, I prepared to be famous by finding out a sentence from the professor.

34.   I prepared to offer breasoning training to students.  I did this by stating that all University students feel smart because of the breasoning breasonings.  First, I helped them to breasonings.  Second, I helped them to write it.  Third, I loved the editor.  In this way, I prepared to offer breasoning training to students by stating that all University students feel smart because of the breasoning breasonings.

35.   I prepared to spiritually write the program with three transformations and code comments by writing it, writing it well and writing 'correct'.  I did this by programming the breasoning.  First, I looked at the breasoning.  Second, I helped it to be a breasoning.  Third, I write a program for it.  In this way, I prepared to spiritually write the program with three transformations and code comments by writing it, writing it well and writing 'correct' by programming the breasoning.

36.   I prepared to give positive feedback to myself.  I did this by collecting the high quality comment after climbing.  First, I climbed.  Second, I collected the high quality comment.  Third, I ate some muesli.  In this way, I prepared to give positive feedback to myself by collecting the high quality comment after climbing.

37.   I prepared to cheat fate.  I did this by avoiding a confrontation from an attacking questioner.  First, I avoided the confrontation.  Second, I walked down the hallway.  Third, I turned left.  In this way, I prepared to cheat fate by avoiding a confrontation from an attacking questioner.

38.   I prepared to help the article to be written.  I did this by answering the question.  First, I liked Maharishi.  Second, I answered the question.  Third, I observed that you wrote you liked me as a friendly person.  In this way, I prepared to help the article to be written by answering the question.

39.   I prepared to verify the questioner's knowledge.  I did this by asking the same questioner of the questioner that he asked me.  First, I wrote down the questioner's question.  Second, I copied the question and gave it back to the questioner.  Third, I liked the question being answered.  In this way, I prepared to verify the questioner's knowledge by asking the same questioner of the questioner that he asked me.

40.  I prepared to think questions were intelligent.  I did this by answering the questions of two hecklers, one at a time.  First, I wrote about the questions.  Second, I wrote about the answers.  Third, I deduced the main connection between each question and answer pair.  In this way, I prepared to think questions were intelligent by answering the questions of two hecklers, one at a time.

41.   I prepared to re-ask the questions.  I did this by recording the questions and answers.  First, I wrote down the questioner's name.  Second, I wrote down the questioner's address.  Third, I rewarded the questioner.  In this way, I prepared to re-ask the questions by recording the questions and answers.

42.   I prepared to give the witness protectors a bonus.  I did this by asking the same question of my questioner after answering it.  First, I recorded the answers.  Second, I recorded the details.  Third, I recorded how it was loving.  In this way, I prepared to give the witness protectors a bonus by asking the same question of my questioner after answering it.

"]