["Green, L 2021, <i>God Algorithm 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
God Algorithm 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to go to heaven (the store).  I did this by endorsing God (the master).  First, I found God (the master).  Second, I liked him.  Third, I found him helpful.  In this way, I prepared to go to heaven (the store) by endorsing God (the master).

12.   I prepared to name the jazz composition.  I did this by identifying the jazz.  First, I identified the jazz seventh chord.  Second, I identified the jazz instrument.  Third, I identified the jazz rhythm.  In this way, I prepared to name the jazz composition by identifying the jazz.

13.    I prepared to agree with the result.  I did this by voting sane.  First, I found the politician.  Second, I voted in a sane way.  Third, I observed him win.  In this way, I prepared to agree with the result by voting sane.

14.   I prepared to write letters.  I did this by finding God (the administrator).  First, I looked for him.  Second, I found him.  Third, I asked, is that a woman?  In this way, I prepared to write letters by finding God (the administrator).

15.   I prepared to take a four-hour workweek.  I did this by programming God (the game master) to help people to be well.  First, I provided meditation (philosophy) class.  Second, I provided medicine class (maintaining the community's well being).  Third, I provided pedagogy class.  In this way, I prepared to take a four-hour workweek by programming God (the game master) to help people to be well.

16.   I prepared to move my piece in response.  I did this by requesting the God (Lizard) to move the piece.  First, I observed the God (Lizard).  Second, I observed her look at the piece.  Third, I asked the God (Lizard) to move the piece.  In this way, I prepared to move my piece in response by requesting the God (Lizard) to move the piece.

17.   I prepared to buy the drink from the vending machine with the robot.  I did this by operating the Lizard Robot.  First, I pressed the controller button.  Second, I observed the robot move forward one unit.  Third, I pressed the button to turn right.  In this way, I prepared to buy the drink from the vending machine with the robot by operating the Lizard Robot.

18.   I prepared to record the result.  I did this by observing that like repels like, in Physics.  First, I placed the magnet on the desk.  Second, I placed another magnet with its north pole facing the first magnet's north pole.  Third, I observed it repel it.  In this way, I prepared to record the result by observing that like repels like, in Physics.

19.    I prepared to see the icons on the screen.  I did this by entering my login details.  First, I found the wood.  Second, I became king.  Third, I entered my login details.  In this way, I prepared to see the icons on the screen by entering my login details.

20.  I prepared to announce it to the queen.  I did this by observing the mother give birth.  First, I observed the mother enter the operating theatre.  Second, I observed the mother give birth.  Third, I observed the time which this took.  In this way, I prepared to announce it to the queen by observing the mother give birth.

"]