["Green, L 2021, <i>Two Uses 5 of 30</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"FUNDAMENTALS OF PEDAGOGY
by Lucian Green
Two Uses 5 of 30

41.	DION: The physically challenged person should be given a supplementary examination on comments on comments, which he should read.

42.	ALEXIS: I prepared to understand the speech better. I did this by writing Martha Nussbaum's probable comments on the Press Release for Richard Dawkins' probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I wrote the real conclusion made us recognise the spiritual thoughts. Second, I needed experience to recognise the spiritual ideas. Third, I liked eating with people, to discuss the experience.

43.	DION: The subject should do nothing after collecting the comment (where the subject had a limit to his understanding of speech compared with text).

44.	ALEXIS: The subject should explain the text with speech after collecting the comment.

45.	DION: The subject should explain the text with speech after collecting the comment and comment on the comment.

46.	ALEXIS: What is a use this program verifies?

47.	DION: The program confirms that the utensil stands.

48.	ALEXIS: I prepared to ask what the point of semantics was again, to which Lucian replied that the First Technique contained the first person's upper and lower triangular expositions and critiques respectively, the Second Technique of Meaning verified the tautological meaning of the First Technique, and the Third Technique of Interpretation contained upper and lower triangular expositions and critiques respectively of an other compared with the writer of the First Technique essay. I did this by writing Noam Chomsky's probable comments on the Press Release for Richard Rorty's probable comments on the line 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' for the algorithm idea 'I did this by writing the text-to-speech algorithm' in the Computational English argument in Computational English. First, I agreed to have semantics back. Second, I didn't want the determination of meaning; I wanted verification of it. Third, they were completely different, so it doesn't matter [where the input is known and the output is unknown in determination but the output is known in verification, to which Chomsky replied they both work].

49.	DION: The subject shouldn't identify different writers in the exposition (where the subject stated that the First Technique contained the first person's upper and lower triangular expositions and critiques respectively, where he writes on a stable surface).

50.	ALEXIS: The subject should identify different writers in the exposition.
"]