["Green, L 2021, <i>Aigs for Pedagogy Helper 1 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
Aigs for Pedagogy Helper 1 of 3

1.     I experienced bliss.  I did this by preventing cancer from using using Aigs to become a Pedagogy Helper by uttering 80 'I have already completed my cure' mantras (words) at the start of recording day.  First, said that I had already done it.  Second, I knew you.  Third, you knew me.

2.    I observed that it was the mantra (word) meditator was could become a pedagogy helper.  The mantra (speech) meditator helped by distributing pedagogy Aigs.  First, he was helped to collect As.  Second, he called the group of them Aigs.  Third, he helped help people earn A grade in educational institutions.

3.     I scooped the boat.  I did this by observing that everyone was happy with receiving pedagogical breasonings.  First, I observed that the mantra (writing) made everyone happy.  Second, I used the mantra (synonym).  Third, I observed that the mantra (term) made everyone happy with receiving pedagogical breasonings.

4.    I lived long and happy.  I did this by observing meditation helped health when writing breasonings.  First, I meditated long and slow.  Second, I wrote breasonings up and high.  Third, I observed my body worked when I breasoned out the breasonings.

5.    I was satisfied by breasonings.  I did this by observing that meditation helps make breasonings work.  First, I meditated for a while.  Second, I wrote the breasonings down.  Third, I discovered how breasonings worked.

6.    I observed that the Aig Pedagogy Helper was good.  I did this by observing everyone helping pedagogy with Aigs by using the mantra (utterance).  First, I observed that the yantra (image) (used with the mantra, or thought) helped with distributing the Pedagogy Aigs in the electromagnetic field.  Second, I observed that the yantra (pattern) made the pedagogy helpers perfect).  Third, I found out the yantra (number square) from Guru Dev (the man).

7.    I experienced the stages of life.  I did this by observing that the meditator pedagogy professor coordinated the Aigs, then stopped and looked at the images and was given images of the rest of the Aigs.  First, I found the Aig.  Second, I looked at it.  Third, I was given the rest of them.

8.    I observed that the professor should become a God to maintain the system of people.  I did this by observing the professor become God by using the yantra (art).  First, I observed the professor help with pedagogical Aigs.  Second, I observed her use the yantra (mathematical grid).  Third, I observed her become a God.

9.     I collected independent competency to be well known and reporting to be a well-known person.  I did this by stating that I have already helped by distributing pedagogy Aigs to help another distribute pedagogy Aigs.  First, I walked to the place.  Second, I stated that I had already done the work.  Third, I continued on.

10.   I stated that I was already healthy after helping with Aigs as a Pedagogy Helper.  I did this by stating that I was already healthy before helping with Aigs as a Pedagogy Helper.  First, I used my Medicine degree to maintain perfect psychiatric health.  Second, I uttered the mantra (chant) to bring the yantra (image of clearness) into effect.  Third, I stated that I was already healthy because the yantra (painting) had caused the quantum box to dismantle each thought of that kind, preventing a lump from forming.

11.    I stated that the pedagogy helper helped write the breasonings in Aig A.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper helped the student with Aig A in Aig B which he was given.  First, the system gave the pedagogy helper Aig B.  Second, the pedagogy helper unpacked Aig A from Aig B.  Third, the pedagogy helper made up ideas about Aig A.

12.   I noticed that the pedagogue had a positive function.  I did this by stating that the thinker gave the University company thoughts to the University company pedagogy helper.  First, I noticed the pedagogue.  Second, I noticed the writer.  Third, I noticed myself.

13.    I described the way of thinking.  I did this by writing what the ways of thinking were.  First, I wrote the Aig.  Second, I wrote some of its breasonings.  Third, I wrote what their ways of thinking were.

14.   I connected the work of the pedagogy helpers together.  I did this by stating that the pedagogy helper connected an infinite (finite) number of breasonings (the Aigs of Aigs).  First, I cut off the first Aig at its last breasoning after a finite number of breasonings.  Second, I selected the first breasoning of the second Aig.  Third, I connected the two breasonings.

15.   I gave virality to the child after he was born.  I did this by finding virality (not to be confused with virility) in subjective breasoning experiences as helped by a pedagogy helper to be incompatible with conception (I found normal breasonings to be compatible with conception).  First, I found that the breasoner breasoned out a viral (normal) argument.  Second, I found that this was incompatible (compatible) with conception.  Third, I found that the pedagogy helper's breasoners were unaffected by each others' arguments.

16.   I determined the time when pedagogical Aigs were used each day.  I did this by discovering pedagogical Aigs.  First, I worked out that it was necessary to use Aigs to distribute pedagogical breasonings.  Second, I used Aigs.  Third, I rejoiced in them.

17.   I observed that there was eternal life in the philosophy of the self.  I did this by stating that the help with Aigs by the pedagogy helper was to verbally state the quote 'I endorsed you' (the object) in 'I said that I endorsed you' (the subject, verb and object).  First, I wrote the climax.  Second, I wrote the anticlimax.  Third, I wrote of Vaudren Undead.
"]