["Green, L 2021, <i>Higher Grades 1 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
Higher Grades 1 of 3

1. I prepared to earn straight As.  I did this by achieving higher grades.  First, I wrote the pedagogy algorithm.  Second, I breasoned it out.  Third, I completed the assignment.  In this way, I prepared to earn straight As by achieving higher grades.

2. I prepared to check whether everything had loosened up.  I did this by timing the pregnancy using the birth clock.  First, I started the timer.  Second, I continued taking the time during the pregnancy.  Third, I stopped the timer when the pregnancy had finished.  In this way, I prepared to check whether everything had loosened up by timing the pregnancy using the birth clock.

3. I prepared to invent plays by an invented playwright.  I did this by meeting the playwright E. Turin.  First, I read 'I, the Procrastinator' (about planning time).  Second, I read 'The Murderer' (about having a successful conception).  Third, I read 'I, the Poet' (about dialectic poetry).  In this way, I prepared to invent plays by an invented playwright by meeting the playwright E. Turin.

4. I prepared to reflect on the chapter.  I did this by turning the light on at night.  First, I found the light switch.  Second, I turned it on.  Third, I read the chapter.  In this way, I prepared to reflect on the chapter by turning the light on at night.

5. I prepared to buy pop.  I did this by writing one A grade essay for buying a pop composition.  First, I wrote the Nazarene composition.  Second, I helped the sellers to sell.  Third, I helped the buyers to buy.  In this way, I prepared to buy pop by writing one A grade essay for buying a pop composition.

6. I prepared to transcend the taste of food.  I did this by licking the anti-animal lolly (the apple coloured berry).  First, I retrieved the anti-animal lolly from my pocket.  Second, I licked it.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to transcend the taste of food by licking the anti-animal lolly (the apple coloured berry).

7. I prepared to make a connection in law.  I did this by using the law keeper's box.  First, I found the law keeper.  Second, I found his box.  Third, I placed the written law in it.  In this way, I prepared to make a connection in law by using the law keeper's box.

8. I prepared to detect whether the organ system had been given As.  I did this by stating that the Lucianic doctor used a computer to read the number of As per body system.  First, I read the first A.  Second, I prepared read the next A.  Third, I repeated this until I had read all the As.  In this way, I prepared to detect whether the organ system had been given As by stating that the Lucianic doctor used a computer to read the number of As per body system.

9. I prepared to use all the As up.  I did this by stating that the Lucianic doctor used a pedagogical perspective to read the number of As per body system.  First, I counted the first A.  Second, I prepared counted the next A.  Third, I repeated this until I had counted all the As.  In this way, I prepared to use all the As up by stating that the Lucianic doctor used a pedagogical perspective to read the number of As per body system.

10. I prepared to verify that the body system had been properly cared for.  I did this by stating that the doctor repeated this for the period of diagnosis, one week, before seeing the patient again.  First, I read the number of As on the first day.  Second, I prepared to read the number of As on the next day.  Third, I repeated this until I had read the number of As on each day.  In this way, I prepared to verify that the body system had been properly cared for by stating that the doctor repeated this for the period of diagnosis, one week, before seeing the patient again.

11. I prepared to follow the treatment algorithm.  I did this by stating the treatment was breasoning out the treatment argument.  First, I diagnosed the disorder.  Second, I breasoned out the treatment argument.  Third, I collected feedback from giving A-grade treatment to the patient.  In this way, I prepared to follow the treatment algorithm by stating the treatment was breasoning out the treatment argument.

12. I prepared to observe treatment relaxing the patient.  I did this by stating that the treatment was the patient repeating the treatment argument as a sutra.  First, I uttered the title of the treatment argument in my mind as the sutra.  Second, I prepared to utter the next instance of the sutra in my mind.  Third, I repeated this 174 times.  In this way, I prepared to observe treatment relaxing the patient by stating that the treatment was the patient repeating the treatment argument as a sutra.

13. I prepared to keep my higher grade.  I did this by joking that the rubber chicken representing my grade had flown away.  First, I placed the rubber chicken to one side.  Second, I left the room.  Third, I walked up the stairs.  In this way, I prepared to keep my higher grade by joking that the rubber chicken representing my grade had flown away.

14. I prepared to watch the movie.  I did this by showing the philosopher giving an answer in the movie.  First, I pressed the 'play' button.  Second, I watched the answer being stated.  Third, I pressed 'stop'.  In this way, I prepared to watch the movie by showing the philosopher giving an answer in the movie.
"]