["Green, L 2021, <i>Fewer Stillbirths 1 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
Fewer Stillbirths 1 of 3

1.     I prepared to be a seller.  I did this by stating that sexual intercourse won't kill the mother or child.  First, I determined that the phallus wouldn't touch the child.  Second, I determined that it was safe.  Third, I enjoyed this thought.  In this way, I prepared to be a seller by stating that sexual intercourse won't kill the mother or child.

2.    I prepared to write about recommend no capital punishment.  I did this by stating that Pedagogy being distributed will prevent killing others.  First, I stated that the criminal would be captured.  Second, I stated that the criminal would be justly tried.  Third, I observed that if the criminal was guilty, he would be placed in a jail.  In this way, I prepared to write about recommend no capital punishment by stating that Pedagogy being distributed will prevent killing others.

3.     I prepared to repeat this in the sutra's reasonings.  I did this by stating that God (the philosopher) was loaded with pedagogy.  First, I wrote 50 As.  Second, I gave one out per day.  Third, I stated that the rest were recordings of the other 49 As.  In this way, I prepared to repeat this in the sutra's reasonings.  I did this by stating that God (the philosopher) was loaded with pedagogy.

4.    I prepared to be recommended to a friend.  I did this by stating that the computational algorithm helped with conception medicine.  First, I listened to the prayer (request).  Second, I found 10 thoughts for the first statement that the requester said after this.  Third, I repeated this until 80 breasonings had been thought of.  In this way, I prepared to be recommended to a friend by stating that the computational algorithm helped with conception medicine.

5.    I prepared to give the child a proper upbringing.  I did this by coupling (connecting) myself with the child.  First, I found the child.  Second, I sat him on my knee.  Third, I told him the story.  In this way, I prepared to give the child a proper upbringing by coupling (connecting) myself with the child.

6.    I prepared to prepare for the acting character's 250 breasonings or 50 As.  I did this by stating that the child experienced 50 breasonings from a creative writing sentence.  First, I wrote the 50 breasonings.  Second, I wrote the sentence.  Third, I allowed the child to experience the 50 breasonings.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the acting character's 250 breasonings or 50 As by stating that the child experienced 50 breasonings from a creative writing sentence.

7.    I prepared to write about the character.  I did this by stating that the child experienced 250 breasonings inspired by a 250 breasoning sentence.  First, I wrote the 250 breasonings.  Second, I inspected the character.  Third, I observed the child experience the character.  In this way, I prepared to write about the character by stating that the child experienced 250 breasonings inspired by a 250 breasoning sentence.

8.    I prepared to lease love in the world.  I did this by having a child with my wife.  First, I looked at the child.  Second, I made it mine.  Third, I helped him to grow.  In this way, I prepared to lease love in the world by having a child with my wife.

9.     I prepared to notice the child's parts going well together.  I did this by synthesising the conception argument.  First, I found the first reason.  Second, I found the second reason.  Third, I connected them.  In this way, I prepared to notice the child's parts going well together by synthesising the conception argument.

10.   I prepared to make sure that nothing would go wrong (it would go well).  I did this by critiquing the conception argument.  First, I found the premise.  Second, I gave a premise which was a reason agreeing with it.  Third, I verified the second premise.  In this way, I prepared to make sure that nothing would go wrong (it would go well) by critiquing the conception argument.

11.    I prepared to describe the child's looks.  I did this by stating that the child was peaceful given 50 academic conception arguments.  First, I decided whom to write the document for.  Second, I wrote about the unnaturalness.  Third, I wrote the question, 'Who's that?'.  In this way, I prepared to describe the child's looks by stating that the child was peaceful given 50 academic conception arguments.

12.   I prepared to eat from the rice paper maggot.  I did this by finding a lady to have a child with.  First, I held the zucchini.  Second, I fed it.  Third, I ate the bamboo chopsticks.  In this way, I prepared to eat from the rice paper maggot by finding a lady to have a child with.

13.    I prepared to aim with the best.  I did this by writing that the penis was a magic wand with the conception argument.  First, I wrote about the phallus (rod).  Second, I helped the year 4 child to it.  Third, I wrote about the child's thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to aim with the best by writing that the penis was a magic wand with the conception argument.

14.   I prepared to walk on the ropes course.  I did this by choosing the philosophy production lyric with the methodology 'I reduced the reason to a subject-predicate'.  First, I held the rose.  Second, I helped you.  Third, I wrote a great amount.  In this way, I prepared to walk on the ropes course by choosing the philosophy production lyric with the methodology 'I reduced the reason to a subject-predicate'.

"]