["Green, L 2021, <i>Higher Grades 2 of 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"PEDAGOGY INDICATORS
by Lucian Green
Higher Grades 2 of 3

15. I prepared to explain mathematics.  I did this by adding 1 apple + 1 apple = 2 apples.  First, I counted the first person dressed as an apple.  Second, I counted the second person dressed as an apple.  Third, I said that this equaled two apples.  In this way, I prepared to explain mathematics by adding 1 apple + 1 apple = 2 apples.

16. I prepared to breason out the object.  I did this by using the mimetic screen.  First, I inspected the mimetic screen.  Second, I imagined a shape emerge from it.  Third, I imagined the shape become an object.  In this way, I prepared to breason out the object by using the mimetic screen.

17. I prepared to eat the mango.  I did this by predictively modelling the customer's needs with real data to satisfy her.  First, I gave her the orange.  Second, I gave her the apple.  Third, I gave her the peach.  In this way, I prepared to eat the mango by predictively modelling the customer's needs with real data to satisfy her.

18. I prepared to make the ice-pop.  I did this by writing down what a customer wanted with him.  First, I listed the plum.  Second, I listed the strawberry.  Third, I listed the grapefruit.  In this way, I prepared to make the ice-pop by writing down what a customer wanted with him.

19. I prepared to enjoy the attendees.  I did this by playing the crumpled horn at the launch of Pedagogy.  First, I played 'C'.  Second, I played 'D'.  Third, I played 'E'.  In this way, I prepared to enjoy the attendees by playing the crumpled horn at the launch of Pedagogy.

20. I prepared to list the breasonings on either side of the breasoning.  I did this by believing in the breasoning when Krishna (the man) presented it to me.  First, I noticed it's shape.  Second, I noticed it's type.  Third, I noticed it's colour.  In this way, I prepared to list the breasonings on either side of the breasoning by believing in the breasoning when Krishna (the man) presented it to me.

21. I prepared to create the pedagogy helper.  I did this by observing that the regional God (philosopher) found and replayed Krishna's (the man's) breasoning.  First, I observed that Krishna (the man) state the breasoning.  Second, I observed the regional God (the philosopher) observe the breasoning.  Third, I observed the regional God (the philosopher) state the breasoning.  In this way, I prepared to create the pedagogy helper by observing that the regional God (philosopher) found and replayed Krishna's (the man's) breasoning.

22. I prepared to help the lady entice herself to us.  I did this by stating that the animals are sacred (the people are protected).  First, I stated that the first animal was sacred (the first person was protected).  Second, I stated that the next animal was sacred (the next person was protected).  Third, I repeated this until I had stated that all of the animals were sacred (all of the people were protected).  In this way, I prepared to help the lady entice herself to us by stating that the animals are sacred (the people are protected).

23. I prepared to say sorry.  I did this by ordering Pedagogy.  First, I liked Pedagogy.  Second, I ordered it.  Third, I enjoyed it.  In this way, I prepared to say sorry by ordering Pedagogy.

24. I prepared to go through the breasoned sentence with an algorithm in tennis.  I did this by lighting my way through Pedagogy.  First, I turned on the overhead light.  Second, I started reading Pedagogy.  Third, I finished reading Pedagogy.  In this way, I prepared to go through the breasoned sentence with an algorithm in tennis by lighting my way through Pedagogy.

25. I prepared to earn a gazebo-building job.  I did this by earning the meritocratic certificate.  First, I earned straight As.  Second, I was merited.  Third, I declared we lived in an meritocracy.  In this way, I prepared to earn a gazebo-building job by earning the meritocratic certificate.

26. I prepared to invite the children to the healthy party.  I did this by making my mother proud.  First, I helped her wash the dishes.  Second, I loved the child.  Third, I loved the other children.  In this way, I prepared to invite the children to the healthy party by making my mother proud.

27. I prepared to be a renegade surfer.  I did this by agreeing with someone about my life.  First, I found the agreeable part in my life.  Second, I found someone to agree about it with me.  Third, I observed him agree with it.  In this way, I prepared to be a renegade surfer by agreeing with someone about my life.

28. I prepared to help the dependent write a philosophy book.  I did this by protecting a dependent.  First, I instructed the dependent to breason out the already-written Professor Algorithm.  Second, I instructed him to breason out 50 of the same A to become a pedagogue.  Third, I helped him to and protected his As.  In this way, I prepared to help the dependent write a philosophy book by protecting a dependent.
"]