["Green, L 2024, <i>Replicator 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Replicator 2

1. The replicator combined the different sales sites to track and recommend bundles of products. I accepted payments for song albums. I wrote the algorithm that inspired the song. I mind-composed the song using an algorithm I had written. I remade a website for song downloads and donations, keeping track of the most popular downloads.
2. The replicator repaid their education institution fees. I accepted payments for books. I translated the text files. I converted the text files into an HTML file with anchors. I included a graphical front cover.
3. The replicator began to become self-sufficient. I accepted payments for algorithms. As with other products, it was up to the customer’s honour to pay for the products they used. The free products promoted popularity, and they spent more seriously when they used them. I agree that open-source software supports ease of use, creativity, and freedom of development.
4. The replicator found better grades in history and philosophy of science helped them gain entry into a postgraduate qualification. In music, I developed courses about my life, arguments, and algorithms’ science (effects, ethics, and metaphor). This idea was a separate product from music and was part of the courses. The history and philosophy of science courses were various (automatable) because they related to students’ interests and careers, which helped determine the structure of the courses. The courses were helpable (sic) because they used a format with questions such as “What ethical implications does this discovery pose?” and “What are the good/bad sides of this discovery?”.
5. The replicator used computer science for meditation, philosophy and business. In computer science, I developed courses that broke the repositories into projects that enabled students to learn how to modify them and write similar algorithms. They contained interactive activities that explained and helped write code. The courses were various because students’ knowledge and skills determined them and were always entry-level. The courses were helpable because they were as easy as using Program Finder with Types, which could grapple with pattern-matching, recursion and specific techniques with unique requirements.
6. The replicator published a small selection of texts in various languages. I designed a post-generative AI Cultural Translation Tool (CTT) that helped translate websites and books. It used the same idea of automatically translating recurring sentences once and substituting them back into the original. I used generative AI to translate denoted sections of texts and algorithms to publish e-books and websites quickly. It worked best with a grammar checker to arrive at the best possible results or relied on generative AI to do this.
7. The replicator recommended testing translated code if higher-order code translation or numbers caused bugs. In CTT, I inserted open/closed tags in code to denote translatable regions and, optionally, the language. I listed these for the user to confirm or automatically confirm or reject them based on their folder or file location. I optionally rejected filenames and strings that contributed to filenames.
8. The replicator optionally dispensed with back-translation, which would take too long to check, and relied on bulk back-translation. CTT retranslated only unknown strings and preserved newlines and formatting in translations. The algorithm outputted a file with the strings by themselves, which the user shouldn’t change (but could as the strings were number-code delimited) to check the grammar and translation. Lines deleted in the original were deleted. Using a version control system allowed reverting to a previous version of the code and CTT data files.
9. The replicator avoided intensive term processing using subterm with address. CTT used Prolog to List Prolog and subterm with address to quickly find strings in source files. I optionally searched for atoms. Some languages and countries have unique numeric, financial, cultural, or linguistic systems requiring manual modification before or after translation. Following the translation of denoted parts of strings, I could substitute strings back into the original.
10. The replicator put string fragments back together at the end. To translate them, I split strings in CTT by newline, tab, and tag delimiter. I stripped strings of white space, such as newlines, spaces, and tabs at the starts and ends, and concatenated this formatting after translation. I assumed sentences wouldn’t be split because they would be in the same cell or use margins. I considered translating open-source code for easier manipulation, using compilation commands if necessary.
11. The replicator tried the automatic translate and publish feature. I listed repeated lines once in the bulk translation file, which became part of the CTT data file. For meaning errors, I could check the back translation, which was translated into the original language. I could individually change the original and the translation if there were errors. I could check the original context using HTML form and hyperlinks.
12. The replicator explained that the tags changed the strings from “string” to “<&td>string</&td>”, possibly with a language code inserted. There was a converter to the CTT tag form for translation and to the non-tag form afterwards. I wrote or approved the tag file or automatically translated all strings in any listed folders or files. The algorithm detected whether there were any split sentences, for example, non-heading sentences without a full stop that led to the rest of the sentence without a capital letter at the start of it, and translated them as a whole before substituting them back. I removed the tags to run the code.
13. The replicator tested the translated file for the correct translations in the right place, not in the wrong place and working code. CTT used one command to compile a file. This command removed the CTT tags and possibly compiled and ran the file in testing. The production version wouldn’t have tags. The run version was stored elsewhere, and the original version was edited.
14. The replicator ensured the website and texts were accessible. After translating my books, I could sell them and their courses. My mission was to teach meditation and the skills for maintaining health that it included. The teachers lived and worked in each country and in separate companies. The benefits were good pay and the ease of making connections in texts.
15. The replicator explained that “time points” required arguments and examination to pass. I planned a guide and algorithm to explain the philosophy and algorithms. The content of the philosophy was expansion and discussion about algorithms, and the guide explained the algorithms’ aim, audience and method. They fit into Green’s life history and his research interests. His music offered abstract angles on philosophy.
16. The replicator used sales skills to establish an online academy. I completed all the translations without user intervention, one string per query. The user tagged the strings to be translated and checked the finished product for needed changes. If satisfied, I could queue multiple languages if the program would work with translations. In the future, I could automatically upload files that are ready for viewing or downloading."]