Meditation of Medicine 1

1. The meditator harmlessly followed Krishna. The immortal descended to Earth to guide people. I wrote a frequently asked questions paper about learning meditation. They were curious to know that immortality was a skill one could learn. To become immortal, one needed to learn meditation, write 100 page books on pedagogy, meditation, medicine, time travel, mind reading and immortality and time travel to 5689 with 250 breasonings (x, y and z dimensions of objects in texts, supported by accreditation in education) and indicate immortality through the simulation (explained on the GitHub repository luciangreen/Time_Machine).
2. The meditator emphasised that time travel led to immortality and not dying in one's own time, with the help of computers. I time travelled as an avatar to help teach meditation. In fact, I stayed in one time and taught the people during my life. I regularly time travelled to the simulation to maintain my skills. I minimised risk, taught everyone and encouraged people to become employees of the meditation company for better results (for example in the information technology division).
3. The meditator was at one with the sponsor. I came back before hand to buy property for a meditation centre. I earned enough money. I attended the auction. I bought the building and the meditation centre was established.
4. The meditator performed work in chunks, to avoid too much load. I breasoned out the Breasoning Algorithm Writer (BAG) breasonings at the end of each set. BAG inspired new connections in philosophy texts by reconnecting existing connections. After each set of 6000 sentences, based on my philosophy, the sentences' words' x, y and z dimensions were breasoned out. With these breasonings in a spiritual cloud, I could confidently work on further philosophies.
5. The meditator could help with protection of life. I saved the BAG log file with the date to record the number of breasonings generated each day. The log file contained the number of sentence breasonings breasoned out in each set (greater than 6000). The date was in the format YYYY MM DD with SS.SSS... I recorded 96 million breasonings per month.
6. The meditator wrote one old book up and then further on immortality and medicine, each day. I wrote a new algorithm after reading the BAG archive of algorithmic texts. Connections at all points of the algorithm were possible, from the description, specification, main predicate or child predicates. I connected similar descriptions together, grouping and find inter-connections between philosophy and algorithm description. I connected similar descriptions and specifications.
7. The meditator drew a Lucian's Hand Bit Map Font colouring-in book. I conjured up the pop singer show bag. It contained a blank notebook and pencil, a soft black Labarador toy, a magic wand and a model avalanche/volcano. The avalanche was a computer game about avoiding avalanches given the signs. The volcano described how a volcano cross section worked.
8. The meditator was impressed by the person's performance in BAG, showing superior intelligence. If BAG failed or didn't come up with content in time, the next set was tried. BAG might fail if it couldn't find viable or interconnected words. It was possible to remember the more highly interconnected words. People who knew these helped the algorithm to perform better.
9. The meditator used BAG in Essay Helper to write connections. I tracked the high quality thoughts of the self and other, using BAG, Grammar Logic (GL) and Essay Helper (EH). GL mind read random words that applied to a philosophy idea, and I tracked the better worked out algorithms these suggested. EH could find connections between sentences, where some words were replaced with synonyms to form connections. I could also mind read specific questions, such as "What does automation apply to?", "How can I explain this to my grandparents?" and "What are all the departments, groups or knowledge I can originally write down?".
10. The meditator examined core computer science algorithms. I identified and wrote all the algorithms in my philosophy. I then identified and started writing all the main algorithm connections. I covered perspectives on language, ageless education and intrapersonal skills. I wrote on seen-as versions, or algorithms on algorithms, such as List Prolog optimising and running Lucian CI/CD tests.
11. The meditator aimed to speed up each algorithm. I used a non-concurrent version of Text to Breasonings (T2B) on my  Virtual Private Server (VPS). This operated faster than the concurrent version of T2B. I used the concurrent version of T2B on my laptop, which was paradoxically faster. I could further speed up maplist in Auto-T2B, paraphraser and GL with concurrent.
12. The meditator wrote the converter between short and long form Prolog. I wrote code without base cases, but positive and negative clauses and list notation such as [A|B]. I could convert these to C by using the longer form in Prolog, i.e. a separate base case and list decomposition and recursive steps. The short Prolog form could process multiple lists. Saving in the short form was more elegant.
13. The meditator completed the A after avoiding a moral end. The seen-as saved ideas were astounding. Given the possible natural end to ideas, the algorithm saved them. The ideas were protected by meditation. People could learn and walk around.
14. The meditator eliminated detail in predicates in SSI code. I sped up parts of State Saving Interpreter (SSI). I optimised them using maplist. I rewrote them in shorter form, without base cases. I also used foldr, then converted to C.
15. The meditator chose from and wrote on the highlights. I prepared for the future by installing BAG on my VPS. I ran BAG after downloading my lastest algorithms and arguments. I only downloaded the changed repositories. I could track and restart the BAG algorithm during the day.
16. The meditator monitored topical breasonings, writing them down. I only counted sentence breasonings in BAG. I deleted empty lines. I subtracted one from the total sentences in lines where one was the line number "N. " at the start of each line. This gave n = n(sentences in lines) - n(lines).
