["Green, L 2024, <i>Meditation of Meditation 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Meditation of Meditation 1

1. The meditator worked in a co-op where others tested each others’ software. I downloaded the Git repositories to my Virtual Private Server (VPS), a server where I performed daily computations to free up my computer, each listed in gits.txt. The GitL folder became a backup, and the download folder was operated on. I didn’t need to rely on other servers. I could control testing, involve others and coordinate feedback.
2. The meditator performed or automated work at a time. I ran test_alarm.pl to test a time every minute to send an email when a task was due. I considered the advantages of a neuronetwork in performing work. It could find simple central noumena. Or it could label features of past programs and add these when an overarching aim was recognised.
3. The meditator started in his life. I noticed that the professor had caught up with a number of the algorithms. The neuronetwork, containing a database of my algorithms, found simple solutions to many problems. The new arguments found simple connections, connections of connections and all combinations. Religion helped the writers persist, giving purpose to the texts.
4. The meditator stated that List Prolog had unique induction and computational spirituality features. I wrote the library for SSI-Prolog. I uploaded it. I installed the library. I ran code that used the library.
5. The meditator added strong types for better performance. I compiled Prolog to Javascript. In its simplest form, choice points were loops, and it used Cutest Prolog (with Rust optimisations). It couldn’t use files unless it connected to the server. I examined using C algorithms in the CGI folder that were called on the server side.
6. The meditator wrote an offline web app allowing users to save online preferences and data. I could run multithreaded Prolog algorithms on the web server. I ran a block of code on a CPU. When it had finished, I could run a second block of code. This method gave me control of mutexes and continuous performance.
7. The meditator ran the Prolog program in the web terminal. I wrote the web app. It was a web browser. It could customise internet addresses, run its programming languages, and, if only run offline, present graphics and files (not access others’ files offline). This web browser made programming sophisticated web apps simpler by converting desktop apps to the web.
8. The meditator kept the code simplification but didn’t keep the deforming subroutine and goto code optimisations. I converted the Prolog program to Javascript. I scanned for and produced an error on secrets. Wrapping and unwrapping across predicates was optimised. Unnecessary pages or pages which could be replaced with a single page were optimised, i.e. with automation.
9. The meditator corrected and finished unfinished parts of the work and all the work. BAG produced 96,000 sentences in 9 minutes. In 1.5 minutes, I had written the equivalent of two PhDs. Each day, I focused on writing about my latest writing in terms of previous writing. As well as producing 96,000 arguments in 9 minutes, BAG made 96,000 algorithms. This figure meant one PhD every 22.5 seconds.
10. The meditator avoided sharing secrets. I customised Prolog with Javascript commands. I opened a window in Javascript. I displayed 2D graphics with engines for games, text, vector graphics and styled, algorithm-triggering text. I stored and handled secrets by converting the code to use them on a server.
11. The meditator ran any programming language from any programming language. I ran Javascript from Prolog. This process inserted Javascript in the code seamlessly. It may replace the function call with the function body. I preferred to run Prolog from the server with fewer, more straightforward commands.
12. The meditator uploaded and stored links to libraries for download. I sent and received data with APIs. I sent data to the server. I received data from the server. The secrets weren’t uploaded.
13. The meditator downloaded the BAG software. I excluded sparse files with low scores in BAG. Some files with light texts that didn’t easily allow BAG syntheses were downrated and unused. In the bulk processing of files, these files did not take long to process and could be used. Some meditators performed well on sparse texts, while others performed slowly.
14. The meditator automatically ran software verifiers, uploaders and readme pass stampers. I ran algorithms in the background. I ran a scheduler. I entered the days and hours an algorithm should run. I checked on running apps and memory usage.
15. The meditator applied schedule labels such as “away” or “available “. I customised the app schedule. I converted a textual description such as “run x every 5 minutes” to a schedule. I temporarily paused an app’s or a group of apps’ schedules. I scheduled these activities on certain days.
16. The meditator led a lifestyle of relaxation and creativity. I ran BAG every day after I finished reading a particular file. For example, I performed yoga before travelling. I also automated daily regimen apps after taking specific actions. I may move my daily regimen forward and enjoy the day.

17. The meditator could sort, process and build lists using variables and if-then for comparative parts. I reduced the code to symbols, with brackets, not, arguments, predicate names and others replaced with slashes and numbers. I removed meta-predicates as much as possible, replacing them with recursive code. I converted Prolog to C, replacing logic with imperative procedural C. It was based on the premise that commands would work, with comparative predicates's logical results placed into variables for processing by an if-then antecedent.
18. The meditator limited the ability to call \"anything\" to calling items from a list. I ran call and call with arguments in imperative procedural C. I could compress these to function calls with custom arguments. If there were outputted variables, these could also work with the \"self-replacing\" code. The code was replaced on compilation.
19. The meditator wrote [1,2,3,...] as [1..]. This list created infinite choice points. This list could be accessed until a condition was met. There was an arithmetic progression, a_n = a_1+(n-1)*d, where a_n = the nth term in the sequence, a_1 = the first term in the sequence and d = the common difference between the terms. Or there was a geometric progression, a_n=ar^(n-1), where a = the start term and r = the common ratio.
20. The meditator stepped up to complexity. I minimised the code. I wrote the formula in terms of maplist, foldr or findall. I simplified data to a list. I outputted values to necessitate comparisons.
21. The meditator computed specific As quickly. I simplified spiritual algorithms. I judged output, keeping an instance of a comparison. For example, I computed each type of comparison once and pointed to it in the \"text to breasonings\" algorithm. I could also simplify sets of coordinates or single coordinates to be computed once.
22. The meditator used equals4 in List Prolog sparingly, preferring equals. I defined strict simplicity. A continuous algorithm checked for loops of one item that could be removed. Or, comparisons were used as antecedents, obsoleting logic. Simpler code could be run more quickly on machines with smaller specifications.
23. The meditator wrote strict code for a circuit. Prolog required a register state machine. This machine started with 0. It added one several times. Then, it returned the number.
24. The meditator wrote strict code for a state machine. This state machine contained the state machine for the algorithm. It started with []. It processed each item in the list until the list to process was []. It returned this list.
25. The meditator removed bottlenecks before running on a small system. I wrote strict code for faster code. I optimised the code by eliminating bottlenecks. Bottlenecks were too much reliance on resources, such as too many frames, interpreter complexity or using inefficient commands. I fixed this and tested that the code was fast enough.
26. The meditator simplified each predicate to a simple version. I stored a simple version of the code. It was the formula. This formula was expressed in terms of maplist, findall, foldr or another single command. For example, there was a formula and one of these commands.
27. The meditator gave the input and desired outputs of the system. I stored a version of the code with connections. Once I had written the simple version, I added connections to allow more complex data and integration with other predicates. There was an automatic key-item extractor and re-inserter. This command could work with key items in a particular place.
28. The meditator's grammar parser focused on chunks and reused code. I redrafted the code. The first draft had too much complexity, poor formatting, poor presentation or excessively long predicates. I wrote an auto-grammar parser that worked out what the program that converted grammars to long-form programs was. I gave the input and output, and the program produced the grammar parser.
29. The meditator found commands in terms of commands, sometimes modified ones. I stated that the grammar parser worked with chunks. I examined the possible inputted commands. I read how they were converted. I used a formula converter.
30. The meditator found induction helped before writing the parser generator. My grammar parser reused code. If code was produced from one part of a command, then it could be reused by another command. This code may convert variables, names or logical structures. It was easier to convert from a programming language into a token (list) format before manipulating it.
31. The meditator labelled and used a library hub to plug new features into. I added features to the algorithm. I kept a simple vintage version. I documented features as I added them. I functionally decomposed features, keeping separate code for each feature. The code analysed itself, a new higher-order feature.
32. The meditator wrote a question-answering algorithm that helped develop a maplist algorithm and convert it to assembly language. The code was \"positive\" or compared two features simultaneously to simplify the code. Other features could be added, increasing the complexity of combinations and each predicate to test. I wrote a dependency chart for the features. I started bottom-up with the most straightforward features.
"]