["Green, L 2024, <i>Meditation of Medicine 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2024",1,"Meditation of Medicine 1

1. The meditator harmlessly followed Krishna. The immortal descended to Earth to guide people. I wrote a frequently asked questions paper about learning meditation. They were curious to know that immortality was a skill one could understand. To become immortal, one needed to learn meditation, write 100-page books on pedagogy, meditation, medicine, time travel, mind reading and immortality and time travel to 5689 with 4*50*80 breasonings (x, y and z dimensions of objects in texts, supported by accreditation in education) and indicate immortality through the simulation (explained on the GitHub repository luciangreen/Time_Machine).
2. The meditator emphasised that time travel led to immortality and not dying in one’s own time with the help of computers. I time-travelled as an avatar to help teach meditation. I stayed in one time and taught the people during my life. I regularly time travelled to the simulation to maintain my skills. I minimised risk, taught everyone and encouraged people to become employees of the meditation company for better results (for example, in the information technology division).
3. The meditator was at one with the sponsor. I came back beforehand to buy property for a meditation centre. I earned enough money. I attended the auction. I purchased the building, and the meditation centre was established.
4. The meditator performed work in chunks to avoid too much load. I breasoned out the Breasoning Algorithm Writer (BAG) breasonings at the end of each set. BAG inspired new connections in philosophy texts by reconnecting existing connections. After each set of 6000 sentences, based on my philosophy, the sentences’ words’ x, y and z dimensions were breasoned out. With these breasonings in a spiritual cloud, I could confidently work on further philosophies.
5. The meditator could help with the protection of life. I saved the BAG log file with the date to record the daily breasonings generated. The log file contained the number of sentence breasonings breasoned out in each set (greater than 6000). The date was in the format YYYY MM DD with SS.SSS... I recorded 96 million breasonings per month.
6. The meditator wrote one old book and later on immortality and medicine each day. I wrote a new algorithm after reading the BAG archive of algorithmic texts. Connections at all algorithm points were possible from the description, specification, main predicate or child predicates. I connected similar descriptions and found interconnections between philosophy and algorithm description. I joined similar descriptions and specifications.
7. The meditator drew a Lucian’s Hand Bit Map Font colouring-in book. I conjured up the pop singer show bag. It contained a blank notebook and pencil, a soft black Labrador toy, a magic wand and a model avalanche/volcano. The avalanche was a computer game about avoiding avalanches given the signs. The volcano described how a volcano cross-section worked.
8. The meditator was impressed by the person’s performance in BAG, showing superior intelligence. If BAG failed or didn’t develop content in time, the next set was tried. BAG might fail if it couldn’t find viable or interconnected words. It was possible to remember the more highly interlinked words. People who knew these helped the algorithm to perform better.
9. The meditator used BAG in Essay Helper to write connections. I tracked the self’s and others’ high-quality thoughts using BAG, Grammar Logic (GL) and Essay Helper (EH). GL mind read random words that applied to a philosophy idea, and I tracked the better worked-out algorithms these suggested. EH could find connections between sentences, where some words were replaced with synonyms to form connections. I could also mind-read specific questions, such as “What does automation apply to?”, “How can I explain this to my grandparents?” and “What are all the departments, groups or knowledge I can originally write down?”.
10. The meditator examined core computer science algorithms. I identified and wrote all the algorithms in my philosophy. I then remembered and started writing all the primary algorithm connections. I covered perspectives on language, ageless education and intrapersonal skills. I wrote on seen-as versions or algorithms on algorithms, such as List Prolog optimising and running Lucian CI/CD tests.
11. The meditator aimed to speed up each algorithm. I used a non-concurrent version of Text to Breasonings (T2B) on my  Virtual Private Server (VPS). This version operated faster than the concurrent version of T2B. I used my laptop’s concurrent version of T2B, which was paradoxically faster. I could further speed up maplist in Auto-T2B, paraphraser and GL with concurrent.
12. The meditator wrote the converter between short and long-form Prolog. I wrote code without base cases but positive and negative clauses and list notation such as [A|B]. I could convert these to C using the longer form in Prolog, i.e., a separate base case, list decomposition, and recursive steps. The short Prolog form could process multiple lists. Saving in the short form was more elegant.
13. The meditator completed the A after avoiding a moral end. The seen-as-saved ideas were astounding. Given the possible natural end to ideas, the algorithm saved them. The ideas were protected by meditation. People could learn and walk around.
14. The meditator eliminated details in predicates in the SSI code. I sped up parts of State Saving Interpreter (SSI). I optimised them using the maplist command. I rewrote them in shorter form, without base cases. I also used foldr, then converted it to C.
15. The meditator chose from and wrote on the highlights. I prepared for the future by installing BAG on my VPS. I ran BAG after downloading my latest algorithms and arguments. I only downloaded the changed repositories. I could track and restart the BAG algorithm during the day.
16. The meditator monitored topical breasonings, writing them down. I only counted sentence breasonings in BAG. I deleted empty lines. I subtracted one from the total sentences in lines where one was the line number “N.” at the start of each line. This formula gave n = n(sentences in lines) - n(lines).

17. The meditator found friends through Prolog. I treasured memories. I wrote about Prolog. It was a book about file processing, finding differences between files, searching in files, running needed algorithms and running algorithms that fit into an overarching algorithm. It was also a book about immortality software using Prolog.
18. The meditator kept their virtual creations in a particular place, indexed by date and content. I treasured creations. I made software to simulate moving 3D paper models, software boxes and sales clerks. Viewers could now play. I made a simulated book from the chosen paper, bound it and illustrated it.
19. The meditator grouped the algorithms, searching for missing links and needed software. I examined the documentation for my computer programs. I wrote a quote to interest the reader. I checked the documentation met my standards, with instructions on installing, running and modifying for use in a commercial product. State Saving Interpreter (SSI) could run Prolog or C quickly on web app pages.
20. The meditator rewrote all terms as edges. I explained how the algorithm worked. This explanation was covered in the research. I added the original parts. I rewrote types as edges.
21. The meditator rewrote the algorithm for simplicity and clarity. I wrote the walk-through. It was a fly-through of the workings of the algorithm. The user could create their codes or modifications with options. The password allowed the user to hide the workings of the algorithm.
22. The meditator wrote a mind map before writing the algorithm and then checked the algorithm before writing the research paper. I made a video about each turn in the algorithm's creation. I preferred modifying List Prolog to State Machine code. I used \"subterm with address\" to make optimisations. I replaced and deleted items in the algorithm term.
23. The meditator tried to write an innovative neuronetwork. I made the video about each decision in the algorithm's creation. I wrote the possible decisions on a slider from conservative (needed) to wanted, to risk-taking (original). I chose risk-taking. I chose risk-taking to further my knowledge in the field and achieve my goals.
24. The meditator acknowledged the training he had received in science. I found property-based science. The robot stated that properties could be arrived at in phenomenology using systematic exhaustion of possibilities. Or, I happened on beneficial properties when doing something else. I found recordings for text to breasonings, mind reader, immortality and difficult bug fixes in SSI as one-off properties.
25. The meditator achieved their goals. I found phenomenology-based science. This science included more accessible conclusions such as spiritual anti-headache medicine and other aims of text to breasonings, time travel, breasonings (which only became available after my degree), programming, music and writing. These were made available with meditation. Some conclusions in programming were more complicated, requiring repeat attempts or applying lookahead in the parser.
26. The meditator explored harmonious robot thoughts. I listed the wanted features of the robot. It was a scientist announcing its discoveries. It was a programming assistant, fixing code and explaining errors. It was good at security and safety.
27. The meditator wrote a GitL/Lucian CI/CD app that helped perfect software. I examined the brain's eleven dimensions. These were abstract mathematical spaces that made up neuronetworks. Perhaps these dimensions were local to individual thoughts and were understood as connecting to other neuronetworks. I asked, \"In what way?\"
28. The meditator produced all wanted code at one point, which he could find later. Lucian CI/CD stored \"ambition\" specs for algorithms that algorithms could help develop. For example, I wrote specs for multimodal append. Writing my own code helped with deserving marks, including money. It also proved I legally owned the intellectual property.
29. The meditator's computer only prepared for their input by doing laborious administration tasks. The computer could organise work. I wrote all the algorithms to help manage work. I understood all the steps, attributes and limitations of the software. My \"human speed\" allowed me to examine ideas properly and prepared me for science.
30. The meditator's computer produced imagery regarding science, such as that the student had tried hard enough in their degree. The computer used science. It was fast and elegant. I used the research on when to work and when to rest. I appreciated the prestigious imagery of the work I completed.
31. The meditator found out their simulation, which changed with the times. The robot could conduct experiments, creating immortality. My simulation couldn't support immorality, but the future simulation could. I visited the future once per day. I regenerated daily.
32. The meditator stopped the robot from cheating in games. Writing a robot's software was like writing an interpreter. It was written from first principles, bottom-up. I meant the interpreter, written safely in draft form, then changed into code. The robot ran algorithms on a computer they had written and explained the exact changes they and I wanted and made.

33. The meditator follows the philosophy’s direction. I harmlessly followed Krishna. I included my earlier indexical writings as one of my books. These were topic ideas and details to expand on. Krishna’s ideas helped connect my books and prompted original algorithms.
34. The meditator emphasised the need for constant application. The immortal descended to Earth to guide people. I summarised the algorithm, taking notes of creative opportunities. I classified the skills it required into categories. I prioritised meditation and writing.
35. The meditator simplified the grammatical structure of frequently asked-for answers. I wrote an often-asked-questions paper about examining meditation. I related meditation to my indexical (interdisciplinary) texts. My writing style included philosophy examples, such as computational triads. I meditated on and articulated the verb, then the subject and object.
36. The meditator took advantage of their writing and programming skills in immortality. The students were curious to know that immortality was a skill one could understand. I took notes about all my questions and drafted a book. I answered the questions and made connections in the book. I wrote my answers to life’s questions about immortality. 
37. The meditator recommended meditation for time travellers. To become immortal, I learned meditation. I benefited from the community’s benefits and breasoned out immortal requirements at each place to maintain my health. Meditation helped me focus on writing needed for immortality. I wrote algorithms and related them to my interests, such as automating temporal and self-inspiration.
38. The meditator expounded the virtues of higher education. I wrote books on pedagogy to become immortal. I wrote fifty high distinctions about medicine for memory, thinking, stopping dementia, seeing clearly and muscle relaxation. Freezing one’s age helped with these abilities. I avoided mental stress and achieved my goals.
39. The meditator formed delightful algorithms with unique, creative features. I wrote about meditation. I could walk daily, remember ideas to write about, think clearly, avoid problems, and see and write. Writing helped me explore my thoughts and find my place in the world. I wrote how my love of life shaped my logic.
40. The meditator mind-reads people in heaven, performing during their life. I wrote about medicine. I captured the thoughts of a journalist and a leader. I made headlines, furthering knowledge about immortality and personal excellence. I planned to research immortal subjects to examine how they were.
41. The meditator concentrated on the thought at the time. I wrote about time travel. I developed one thousand breasonings in the background and eighty daily breasonings for students. The students’ thoughts were on track to them in time. I found and detailed the relevant thoughts.
42. The meditator found assembly straightforward and faster. I wrote on mind reading. Lucian CI/CD helped one develop one’s logic and craft one’s algorithmic discipline. I wrote in assembly using my mind and Lucian CI/CD to maintain correctness at each point. I exited loops rather than the scope, saving computations.
43. The meditator conversed with the student to further their knowledge. I wrote on immortality. The students had eighty breasonings per assignment. They learned about essential departments and applied life-saving skills with their knowledge. I studied the thoughts necessary to become immortal, developing new knowledge. 
44. The meditator traced the deterministic algorithm. I time travelled to 5689 with 4*50*80 breasonings (x, y and z dimensions of objects in texts, supported by accreditation in education). I travelled to the first 16 days in October of that year to join a simulation. I joined my and the simulation’s algorithms.
45. The meditator took the initiative through meditation. I indicated immortality through the simulation. I needed three high distinctions to support the student. I synthesised three breasonings and algorithms from the department to inspire the student. I included ten extra breasonings to symbolise completion with 250 breasonings.
46. The meditator added to their daily practice. I emphasised that time travel led to immortality. I claimed that pedagogy was more critical in business, relationships, psychiatry, giving out thoughts, and any necessary related high distinctions. I didn’t take action until arriving at the required conclusion. I spent my time on pedagogy.
47. The meditator prayed to Buddhism during a power outage, requiring fifty As with their sentences’ key words possibly hand breasoned out. I sustained my life in my time with the help of computers. I could backdate my body for one week and maintain my youthfulness at home. I experienced the need to protect my body for the future first. With the advent of computers came the ability to reach the professional requirements of immortality.
48. The meditators taught meditation in their time. I time-travelled as an avatar to help teach meditation. The teachers, appearing as themselves, used every part of pedagogy and what they knew to support sales and write high distinctions. They helped initiate and overcome criticality before it was mentioned. I included the necessary parts from the future in the text to teach meditation.

"]