["Green, L 2021, <i>Symbols 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Symbols 4 of 4

31.    I prepared to create heaven (school) on earth.  I did this by beasoning (sic) the carrots.  First, I peeled the carrot.  Second, I attached the peel to the carrot.  Third, I ate the carrot.  In this way, I prepared to create heaven (school) on earth by beasoning (sic) the carrots.

32.   I prepared to tell Xochi what the similar statement meant, that it was a way.  I did this by stating that I love being with you.  First, I found you.  Second, I stayed with you.  Third, I stated that I loved being with you.  In this way, I prepared to tell Xochi what the similar statement meant, that it was a way by stating that I love being with you.

33.   I prepared to move to a new house.  I did this by ramping up the desk.  First, I held the desk at he bottom of the ramp.  Second, I walked up the ramp.  Third, I placed the ramp in the corner.  In this way, I prepared to move to a new house by ramping up the desk.

34.   I prepared to make a new connection.  I did this by writing rhetoric.  First, I wrote A->B.  Second, I wrote C->D.  Third, I wrote, as A->B, C->D.  In this way, I prepared to make a new connection by writing rhetoric.

35.   I prepared to prepare for the debriefing.  I did this by taking the witch's hat.  First, I walked to the cone.  Second, I removed it.  Third, I placed it I the correct section of the sports supplies.  In this way, I prepared to prepare for the debriefing by taking the witch's hat.

36.   I prepared to observe the robot guide the blind person.  I did this by observing the robot dog walk in a straight line.  First, I placed the robot dog on the line.  Second, I observed it start to walk along the line.  Third, I observed it complete the walk along the line.  In this way, I prepared to observe the robot guide the blind person by observing the robot dog walk in a straight line.

37.   I prepared to try after meditating (writing).  I did this by examining the idea in time and space.  First, I examined the idea in time.  Second, I examined the idea in space.  Third, I examined how the idea worked in different combinations of time and space.  In this way, I prepared to try after meditating (writing) by examining the idea in time and space.

38.   I prepared to count the number of As.  I did this by counting the beans with you.  First, I counted the first breasoning.  Second, I prepared to count the next bean.  Third, I repeated this until I had counted all the beans.  In this way, I prepared to count the number of As by counting the beans with you.

39.   I prepared to close down the business the week (LM centre) or month (school) it starts losing money.  I did this by working on my vocation.  First, I invested in myself.  Second, I created and tested products.  Third, I began to know you.  In this way, I prepared to close down the business the week (LM centre) or month (school) it starts losing money by working on my vocation.

40.  I prepared to write on philosophy.  I did this by visiting a particular city and setting up a meditation (philosophy) centre and school.  First, I visited the city.  Second, I set up a meditation (philosophy) centre.  Third, I set up a school.  In this way, I prepared to write on philosophy by visiting a particular city and setting up a meditation (philosophy) centre and school.

41.   I prepared to make As available through a system for a fee.  I did this by setting up a university.  First, I established a fund.  Second, I found a source of teachers.  Third, I found a source of equipment.  In this way, I prepared to make As available through a system for a fee by setting up a university.

42.   I prepared to teach meditation with a non-religious seen-as-version at University.  I did this by writing 'a man' in brackets after God's name at the University.  First, I wrote God's (the man's) name.  Second, I wrote the breasoning chapters in this way.  Third, I wrote the essays in this way.  In this way, I prepared to teach meditation with a non-religious seen-as-version at University by writing 'a man' in brackets after God's name at the University.
"]