["Green, L 2021, <i>Drawing connections 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Drawing connections 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to equate Plato's soul (including the mind and body) with the soul created by 50 As (16 250 breasoning As) in Lucianic Computational English.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Computational English.  First, I equated the Platonic body with Lucianic Computational English bodily developed things.  Second, I equated the Platonic mind with the Lucianic Computational English mental ontological states.  Third, I equated the Platonic soul with the Lucianic Computational English continual soulful aimingness (sic).  In this way, I prepared to equate Plato's soul (including the mind and body) with the soul created by 50 As (16 250 breasoning As) in Lucianic Computational English by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Computational English.

22.   I prepared to form a wisdom seal on my company.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Economics.  First, I enticed people to buy Plato's forms.  Second, I acted wisely in Economics.  Third, I taught others to deliberate carefully.  In this way, I prepared to form a wisdom seal on my company by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Economics.

23.   I prepared to cultivate people.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Popology.  First, I equated Plato's forms with Lucianic Popology, by equating people with objects.  Second, I equated the names of Plato's forms with an agreed with argument, by writing simulations of people are in people's minds.  Third, I equated the functions of Plato's forms with a positive argument, by writing people are stronger than objects.  In this way, I prepared to cultivate people by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Popology.

24.   I prepared to satisfy people with society.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Societology.  First, I equated Plato's forms with Lucianic Societology, by influencing art with society.  Second, I enabled people of innate culture to cultivate themselves as expressions of their time.  Third, I satisfied followers of the most popular current religion that society was developed in their minds.  In this way, I prepared to satisfy people with society by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Societology.

25.  I prepared to increase a patient's self-confidence.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Medicine.  First, I equated Plato's forms with Lucianic Medicine, by describing robots in terms of forms.  Second, I equated the names of Plato's forms with the pedagogy of medicine curing psychiatric patients, by the listing of named forms.  Third, I equated the functions of Plato's forms with the referral of other patients to the doctor.  In this way, I prepared to increase a patient's self-confidence by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Medicine.

26.   I prepared to find similarities between Plato's forms and Lucianic Metaphysics.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Metaphysics.  First, I equated Plato's forms with Lucianic Metaphysics, by describing pedagogical language in terms of forms.  Second, I equated the names of Plato's forms with the shape of objects in Lucian's Metaphysics.  Third, I equated the functions of Plato's forms with the size of objects in Lucian's Metaphysics.  In this way, I prepared to find similarities between Plato's forms and Lucianic Metaphysics by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Metaphysics.

27.   I prepared to explore Vetusia as Plato's forms and my life together.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Lucian's autobiography.  First, I wrote a computer game about the study of the old, or vetus.  Second, I wrote how Vetus became Vetusia using '-ia' from '-alia'.  Third, I studied a corridor protector for breasonings in Lyotard's text about Kant's Sublime.  In this way, I prepared to explore Vetusia as Plato's forms and my life together by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Lucian's autobiography.

28.   I prepared to develop the writing.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Lucian's hermeneutics.  First, I wrote what the author's anthropological influences were.  Second I wrote how she wrote it. Third, I write what it meant now.  In this way, I prepared to develop the writing by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Lucian's hermeneutics.

29.   I prepared to detail my argument.  I did this by praying for 250 250 breasonings As (writing 250 breasonings) per word in philosophy.  First, I breasoned out the 16 breasoning highlight.  Second, I wrote 150 As for the song.  Third, I 'turned it off' when 'it' was blue.  In this way, I prepared to detail my argument by praying for 250 250 breasonings As (writing 250 breasonings) per word in philosophy.

30.   I prepared to go straight up.  I did this by writing 50 breasonings per sentence in philosophy.  First, I wrote similarly to the Professor.  Second, I won the cup.  Third, I hurtled to my goal.  In this way, I prepared to go straight up by writing 50 breasonings per sentence in philosophy.

"]