["Green, L 2021, <i>Radical Difference 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Radical Difference 1 of 4



How two sides of a debate are radically different.

Radical difference is seeing two sides of a debate clearly. One should choose a side. Once finished, the opposition between the two sides represents the radical difference. The diagram represents the two perspectives on the debate being represented as rays from the centre of the circle.

1.     I prepared to move past the barrier representing the maximum number of breasonings possible. I did this by translating a breasoning into a different language. First, I wrote down the breasoning. Second, I wrote down its translation in the second language. Third, I breasoned out the new cultural object. In this way, I prepared to move past the barrier representing the maximum number of breasonings possible by translating a breasoning into a different language.

2.     I prepared to observe God (e.g. the central figure). I did this by performing the Griegian hand-hold. First, I observed you hold your hand out. Second, I grasped your hand. Third, I wrapped my fingers around your fingers. In this way, I prepared to observe God (e.g. the central figure) by performing the Griegian hand-hold.

3.     I prepared to watch the wheel rotate around the centre, to which central spokes were attached. I did this by watching the steam train's wheel rotate in a circle. First, I drew the circle. Second, I drew a line. Third, I split the edge of the circle into two segments and attached the line to this vertex, and did the same to the opposite side of the circle. In this way, I prepared to watch the wheel rotate around the centre, to which central spokes were attached by watching the steam train's wheel rotate in a circle.

4.     I prepared to be a Nietzschean scholar. I did this by translating a breasoning into an etymological meaning (in an ancient language). First, I wrote that five, the etymological meaning of coin meant that the Queen ordered 5*16=80 breasonings per giver in each transaction. Second, I knew this also meant that the Queen ordered 5*16=80 breasonings per receiver in each transaction, imitating communication. Third, I recommended training in the specific department required to gain job and safety skills. In this way, I prepared to be a Nietzschean scholar by translating a breasoning into an etymological meaning (in an ancient language).

5.    I prepared to differentiate people by breasoning them out. I did this by radically differentiating myself from you. First, I looked at myself. Second, I watched you. Third, I noted that you and I were different people. In this way, I prepared to differentiate people by breasoning them out by radically differentiated myself from you.

6.     I prepared to differentiate objects by breasoning them out. I did this by radically differentiating a sieve and a duster. First, I looked at the sieve. Second, I watched the duster. Third, I noted that the sieve and the duster were different objects. In this way, I prepared to differentiate objects by breasoning them out by radically differentiating a sieve and a duster.

7.     I prepared to find the next relationship. I did this by observing the gay man walking with the cancer sufferer's friend to make the cancer sufferer happy. First, I watched him take the first step. Second, I watched him prepare to take the next step. Third, I watched him repeat this until he had walked 10 metres. In this way, I prepared to find the next relationship by observing the gay man walking with the cancer sufferer's friend to make the cancer sufferer happy.

8.     I prepared to write philosophy books. I did this by aiming to become a philosophy academic. First, I wrote 1 A per Bachelor's degree assignment. Second, I wrote 30 As, 15 to the lecturer and 15 As from the lecturer per Honours degree assignment. Third, I wrote 50 As to the lecturer and 50 As from the lecturer per Master's and PhD degrees' assignment. In this way, I prepared to write philosophy books by aiming to become a philosophy academic.

9.     I prepared to observe the children being given presents. I did this by observing the gay man organising to have a child. First, I observed him selecting the desired properties of the child. Second, I observed him organising to select the egg and sperm which would combine to give these properties with the highest probability. Third, I organised a volunteer surrogate mother to be implanted with the egg that had been fertilised with the sperm. In this way, 9. I prepared to observe the children being given presents by observing the gay man organising to have a child.

10   I prepared to organise to have the Lucianic Meditation degree accredited. I did this by collecting the Lucianic Meditation degree's pedagogy arguments (e.g. Lucianic writing degree's pedagogy arguments). First, I collected texts about the mantra and sutra (e..g words). Second, I collected texts about God (e.g. the master). Third, I collected texts about the bible (e.g. the book). In this way, I prepared to organise to have the Lucianic Meditation degree accredited by collecting the Lucianic Meditation degree's pedagogy arguments (e.g. Lucianic writing degree's pedagogy arguments).

"]