["Green, L 2021, <i>Intertextuality 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Intertextuality 4 of 4

31. I prepared to measure the distance between the positions in space of Sam and Tony.  I did this by representing the positions of Sam and Tony in space along the Z axis.  First, I observed that Sam was positioned at (0, 0, 1) (in metres).  Second, I observed that Tony was positioned at (0, 0, 2) (in metres).  Third, given that the X and Y values of the positions of Sam and Tony were equal to 0, I determined that Sam and Tony were positioned at different points in space on the Z axis.  In this way, I prepared to measure the distance between the positions in space of Sam and Tony by representing the positions of Sam and Tony in space along the Z axis.

32. I prepared to connect two texts with a single object.  I did this by breasoning out (thinking of the X, Y and Z dimensions) of the best set of objects connecting actions from two texts.  First, I wrote the first text.  Second, I wrote the second text.  Third, I wrote the fastest object connecting the last object tin the first text to the first object in the second text.  In this way, I prepared to connect two texts with a single object by breasoning out (thinking of the X, Y and Z dimensions) of the best set of objects connecting actions from two texts.

33.   I prepared to receive returns for providing a service.  I did this by providing breasonings currency services, etc.  First, I provided pedagogy service.  Second, I provided medicine service.  Third, I provided meditation service.  In this way, I prepared to receive returns for providing a service by providing breasonings currency services, etc.

34.   I prepared to safely verify intertextual connections.  I did this by following safety guidelines to avoid thinking about breasonings currency at unsafe times to do so.  First, I followed safety guidelines in not thinking about breasonings currency when driving.  Second, I followed safety guidelines in not thinking about breasonings currency when reading codes in public. Third, I ran the appropriate breasonings currency computer program.  In this way, I prepared to safely verify intertextual connections by following safety guidelines to avoid thinking about breasonings currency at unsafe times to do so.

35.   I prepared to do one task at a time.  I did this by surpassing breasonings currency.  First, I worked on the breasonings currency before the time.  Second, I put them away at the time.  Third, I worked on the current task.  In this way, I prepared to do one task at a time by surpassing breasonings currency.

36.   I prepared to bracket the connection between the breasonings currency and my job.  I did this by subordinating breasonings currency in memory, not thinking of it.  First, I thought of the breasonings currency.  Second, I thought of it's x, y and z dimensions and the fact that it had no other content.  Third, I focused only on my job.  In this way, I prepared to bracket the connection between the breasonings currency and my job by subordinating breasonings currency in memory, not thinking of it.

37.   I prepared to connect the breasonings currency and the product.  I did this by stating that the government tennis tournament prize was breasonings currency.  First, I observed the player win the tournament.  Second, I handed him the token for the transferred breasonings currency.  Third, I observed him spend the money on the product.  In this way, I prepared to connect the breasonings currency and the product by stating that the government tennis tournament prize was breasonings currency.

38.   I prepared to store the pointers to the breasonings currency in the bank, with no pointers to it (only online banking).  I did this by stating that the community provided the breasonings currency prize.  First, I stated that one person could write many breasonings currencies.  Second, I stated that one person could also receive many breasonings currencies.  Third, I observed them being tallied and transferred to the recipient's account.  In this way, I prepared to store the pointers to the breasonings currency in the bank, with no pointers to it (only online banking) by stating that the community provided the breasonings currency prize.

39.   I prepared to make all breasonings currency original, and transaction-exclusive.  I did this by writing the plagiarism detector for low cost arguments.  First, I searched for each line in the online database.  Second, I detected the percentage plagiarised (and the percentage of original lines).  Third, I returned the plagiarised lines (kept the original lines).  In this way, I prepared to make all breasonings currency original, and transaction-exclusive by writing the plagiarism detector for low cost arguments.

40.  I prepared to write the profit as breasonings currency.  I did this by writing an area of study about economic considerations about the product paid for with breasonings currency.  First, I counted the company expenses.  Second, I calculated the revenue earned.  Third, I calculated the profit made.  In this way, I prepared to write the profit as breasonings currency by writing an area of study about economic considerations about the product paid for with breasonings currency.

41.   I prepared to guide writing to be future-oriented.  I did this by writing economic considerations specifically for breasonings currency.  First, I considered the fact that breasoning currency took more storage space than value-only currency.  Second, I observed it's use by date.  Third, I updated it.  In this way, I prepared to guide writing to be future-oriented by writing economic considerations specifically for breasonings currency.

42.   I prepared to demonstrate equality in breasoning currency.  I did this by achieving equality through the LMS (Lucianic Marking Scheme).  First, I stated that disagreeing in the first half didn't annual thebreasonings currency.  Second, I observed that agreement and disagreement earned the same grade, used for currency value.  Third, I observed that objections and rebuttals were taken into account in determining whether the essay agreed or disagreed.  In this way, I prepared to demonstrate equality in breasoning currency by achieving equality through the LMS (Lucianic Marking Scheme).

"]