["Green, L 2021, <i>Symbols 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Symbols 1 of 4



1. Before experimentation with narratives, the functional parts (characters, motives and the constitutive objects' interrelations and settings) should be defined.

1a.     I prepared to connect the object's properties together.  I did this by thinking of Nietzsche write one paragraph with 250 breasonings per paragraph.  First, I wrote about the integument (skin).   Second, I wrote the reasoning.  Third, I wrote the ideas.  In this way, I prepared to connect the object's properties together by thinking of Nietzsche write one paragraph with 250 breasonings per paragraph.

2.    I prepared to grip the object that I had sensed.  I did this by observing my body working.  First, I observed my hand working.  Second, I observed my brain working.  Third, I observed my mind working.  In this way, I prepared to grip the object that I had sensed by observing my body working.

3.     I prepared to earn the job.  I did this by examining the moment of making a statement.  First, I identified the mistake (positive statement).  Second, I wrote a statement instead of (about) it.  Third, I developed the moment of the statement by thinking of perspectives about it.  In this way, I prepared to earn the job by examining the moment of making a statement.

4.    I prepared to connect the aphor steps together.  I did this by selecting from the aphor steps when writing the new essay.  First, I calculated the answer.  Second, I processed the rest of the data.  Third, I printed the data in a user-friendly format, which I selected to make the substrate of understanding.  In this way, I prepared to connect the aphor steps together by selecting from the aphor steps when writing the new essay.

5.    I prepared to write a perfect short story.  I did this by connecting 19 sentences (from 190/10 words/sentence) in an English short story.  First, I wrote the event in the choose-your-own-world story.  Second, I wrote down the list of pages to visit, in conjunction on the page containing the first event.  Third, I wrote down the list of pages able to be visited, in disjunction on the page containing the first event.  In this way, I prepared to write a perfect short story by connecting 19 sentences (from 190/10 words/sentence) in an English short story.

6.    I prepared to interrelate objects.  I did this in the English version (10*19 sentences) by working out the argument from the structure applied to objects.  First, I determined interestingness to mean that an object contained a centre.  Second, I found that usefulness was signified by the object being recognized as able to help the human to perform a function unable to be performed by the human alone.  Third, I computed that moral integrity was defined as a relationship with people involving an object.  In this way, I prepared to interrelate objects in the English version (10*19 sentences) by working out the argument from the structure applied to objects.

7.    I prepared to be glory empersonified (sic).  I did this by in the Theological version (10*19 sentences) by working out the argument from the structure applied to people.  First, I attain strength of mind by not giving up.  Second, I achieved power by powering other people.  Third, I gained glory by creating a wonderful system that would last in time.  In this way, I prepared to be glory empersonified (sic) in the Theological version (10*19 sentences) by working out the argument from the structure applied to people.

8.    I prepared to inspire art with life during the seasons.  I did this by drawing a 19-pixel icon from objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.  First, I drew the fauve.  Second, I drew the seasons.  Third, I drew the reason d'etre.  In this way, I prepared to inspire art with life during the seasons by drawing a 19-pixel icon from breasoning out objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.

9.     I prepared to give the students a reason to work.  I did this by helping the students to work because of objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.  First, I wrote that the famous text should satisfy particular criteria (with valued numbers) of people.  Second, I wrote that the correct text should satisfy particular criteria (with valued numbers) of objects.  Third, I wrote the intersection of these.  In this way, I prepared to give the students a reason to work by helping the students to work because of objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.

10.   I prepared to approve of the secondary text author resuscitating the idea using her values.  I did this by helping the secondary text authors because of objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.  First, I wrote about the Renaissance.  Second, I wrote about the oeuvre.  Third, I wrote the philosophy.  In this way, I prepared to approve of the secondary text author resuscitating the idea using her values by helping the secondary text authors because of objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.

"]