["Green, L 2021, <i>Computational English is like a Calculator 4 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Computational English is like a Calculator 4 of 4

31.   I prepared to trick a person into believing the robot was human-like.  I did this by creating a robot that approached human likeness.  First, I created the robot's mind.  Second, I created the robot's face.  Third, I created the robot's body.  In this way, I prepared to trick a person into believing the robot was human-like by creating a robot that approached human likeness.

32.   I prepared to perform the next step with the robot, sitting in the ferris wheel.  I did this by observing the robot and me liking each other.  First, I stated that the robot was friendly because the robot used my abacus and liked me using the robot's quipu.  Second, I watched the robot state that he liked me because of the regular frequency with which I queried him.  Third, I recorded that it was true that the robot and I liked each other.  In this way, I prepared to perform the next step with the robot, sitting in the ferris wheel by observing the robot and me liking each other.

33.   I prepared to press the button on board the space craft. I did this by connecting the space industry with breasonings currency. First, I held the space nozzle up. Second, I held up the pink tank up. Third, I designed the previews. In this way, I prepared to press the button on board the space craft by connecting the space industry with breasonings currency.

34.  I prepared to survive using breasonings currency. I did this by connecting survival with breasonings currency. First, I found survival. Second, I found breasonings currency. Third, I connected them. In this way, I prepared to survive using breasonings currency by connecting survival with breasonings currency.

35.  I prepared to do the necessary job.  I did this by stating that walking distance jobs more will be more likely with breasonings currency. First, I half-tailed the dove. Second, I placed the rod in the void. Third, I played with the religious (philosophical) leader. In this way, I prepared to do the necessary job by stating that walking distance jobs more will be more likely with breasonings currency.

36.  I prepared to read the book.  I did this by limiting the breasonings currency.  First, I saw how much breasonings currency could be produced with available funds for that purpose.  Second, I produced this amount of breasonings currency.  Third, I used the breasonings currency to buy the book.  In this way, I prepared to read the book by limiting the breasonings currency.

37.  I prepared to calculate how the books' characters could achieve higher goals.  I did this by stating that higher things were possible.  First, I wrote how society could achieve higher things as breasonings currency.  Second, I helped achieve these.  Third, I set up camp on a different planet.  In this way, I prepared to calculate how the books' characters could achieve higher goals by stating that higher things were possible.

38.   I prepared to buy the meditation (universal) course.  I did this by rebreasoning out the breasonings currency as a way of using it.  First, I rebreasoned out the breasonings currency spiritually with the machine.  Second, I verified that the amount had gone through.  Third, I transferred the registered breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to buy the meditation (universal) course by rebreasoning out the breasonings currency as a way of using it.

39.   I prepared to think of an A for the breasoning, i.e. I breasoned out objects around the breasoning (object).  I did this by individually breasoning out the breasonings currency arguments.  First, I observed the algorithm read the object name.  Second, I observed it retrieved the object's dimensions from a database.  Third, I observed it breason out the argument by breasoning out the argument's object's breasoning's details (visualise the object's x, y and z dimensions).  In this way, I prepared to think of an A for the breasoning, i.e. I breasoned out objects around the breasoning (object) by individually breasoning out the breasonings currency arguments.

40.  I prepared to detect other literary possibilities with A detectors in the book.  I did this by programming computers to write breasonings currency.  First, I wrote the idea.  Second, I verified this against guidelines.  Third, I contributed this to the capped amount allowed for the day.  In this way, I prepared to detect other literary possibilities with A detectors in the book by programming computers to write breasonings currency.

41.   I prepared to be the highest bidder.  I did this by buying with breasonings currency.  First, I applied to buy with the idea.  Second, I was successful.  Third, I bought the goods with the breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to be the highest bidder by buying with breasonings currency.

42.  I prepared to calculate how much the characters were worth.  I did this by providing products in return for breasonings currency.  First, I read the applications for the product.  Second, I received the breasonings currency from the selected applicant.  Third, I used a loophole (writing about a third perspective) when paraphrasing connecting two perspectives together in the breasonings currency.  In this way, I prepared to calculate how much the characters were worth by providing products in return for breasonings currency.

"]