["Green, L 2021, <i>Intertextuality 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Intertextuality 2 of 4

11. I prepared to play tennis at the appointed time.  I did this by joining the sentences about the grandfather clock together.  First, I wrote 'Grandfather clocks are the largest hall clocks'.  Second, I wrote 'Clocks contain faces to tell the time'.  Third, I wrote 'The grandfather clock face should be at head height to tell the time most easily'.  In this way, I prepared to play tennis at the appointed time by joining the sentences about the grandfather clock together.

12. I prepared to eat the popcorn at a certain time.  I did this by writing the sentences about the Big Ben clock tower in a hierarchy.  First, I wrote 'The tower stood on the ground'.  Second, I wrote 'The clock was attached to the tower'.  Third, I wrote 'It was good to read the clock'.  In this way, I prepared to eat the popcorn at a certain time by writing the sentences about the Big Ben clock tower in a hierarchy.

13. I prepared to use the clock while surfing.  I did this by stepping through sentences about the octagon clock.  First, I saw that the clock has surrounded by a circle.  Second, I noticed that the circle was surrounded by an octagon.  Third, I observed that the clock spoke the time each hour.  In this way, I prepared to use the clock while surfing by stepping through sentences about the octagon clock.

14. I prepared to smile at the robot.  I did this by developing a robot head as simple as a stylized icon clock dial.  First, I watched the clock smile at 9:15.  Second, I watched the clock smile at 2:45.  Third, I wound it up to 9:15 again.  In this way, I prepared to smile at the robot by developing a robot head as simple as a stylized icon clock dial.

15. I prepared to write that each organ's text was connected to each other organ's text by a text.  I did this by writing how objects flowing through a world described by two joined sentences were like those flowing through the body.  First, I wrote the text 'I had a mouth'.  Second, I wrote the text 'I had the food and drink pipe'.  Third, I wrote 'The water from my mouth was swallowed into my food and drink pipe'.  In this way, I prepared to write that each organ's text was connected to each other organ's text by a text by writing how objects flowing through a world described by two joined sentences were like those flowing through the body.

16. I prepared to write a second self moved towards the second other.  I did this by writing that the self's text was transformed into the other's text.  First, I wrote, 'I am the self'.  Second, I wrote, 'You are the other'.  Third, I wrote, 'The self positively moved towards the other'.  In this way, I prepared to write a second self moved towards the second other by writing that the self's text was transformed into the other's text.

17. I prepared to be with you, like eating jam.  I did this by opening the text with the other text, like a spoon.  First, I wrote, 'I like you'.  Second, I wrote, 'You like me.  Third, I wrote, 'We made friends'.  In this way, I prepared to be with you, like eating jam by opening the text with the other text, like a spoon.  First, I wrote, 'I like you'.

18. I prepared to write an argument as a single chain of reasons, so that each reason had no more than one reason attached to it above it.  I did this by connecting two uses for an action together.  First, I wrote the first use for 'I paid for the jam,' 'I opened the jar of jam with the spoon'.  Second, I wrote the second use, 'I tasted the jam using my spatula'.  Third, I connected these two uses together to be 'I ate the jam with the spoon'.  In this way, I prepared to write an argument as a single chain of reasons, so that each reason had no more than one reason attached to it above it by connecting two uses for an action together.

19. I prepared to tell the tale.  I did this by transforming 'I am the best' into 'I am' with 'therefore,' in literature.  First, I wrote 'I am the best'.  Second, I wrote 'I am'.  Third, I wrote 'I am the best, therefore I am' because I survived.  In this way, I prepared to tell the tale by transforming 'I am the best' into 'I am' with 'therefore,' in literature.

20. I prepared to teach the child medicine.  I did this by collecting the way's text to metaphysically open a child's life's text.  First, I wrote from a single 80-breasonings-long A to 50 250-breasonings-long pedagogical argument.  Second, I breasoned out each object's X, Y and Z dimensions in each sentence of the argument.  Third, I listened to the news about the child being conceived and observed her being born.  In this way, I prepared to teach the child medicine by collecting the way's text to metaphysically open a child's life's text.

"]