["Green, L 2021, <i>Narratology Diagram 1 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Narratology Diagram 1 of 4



1. The diagram in Conglish Reflection allows the interesting nature to be made explicit.

1a.     I prepared to eat the apple.  I did this by picking the apple.  First, I reached the top of the ladder.  Second, I reached for the apple.  Third, I picked the apple.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple by picking the apple.

2.    I prepared to serve dessert.  I did this by eating the pear.  First, I cut the pear in half lengthways twice.  Second, I lifted the slice of pear to my mouth.  Third, I delected myself with the pear slice.  In this way, I prepared to serve dessert by eating the pear.

3.     I prepared to win the fruit show.  I did this by showing the quince.  First, I picked the quince.  Second, I washed the quince.  Third, I showed the quince.  In this way, I prepared to win the fruit show by showing the quince.

4.    I prepared to roll on home.  I did this by being interested in the rope.  First, I walked to the rope.  Second, I found it.  Third, I twisted it in a ball.  In this way, I prepared to roll on home by being interested in the rope.

5.    I prepared to use the money.  I did this by betting that the horse would win.  First, I looked up the odds that the horse would win.  Second, I bet two pounds that the horse would win.  Third, I observed the horse win.  In this way, I prepared to use the money by betting that the horse would win.

6.    I prepared to eat the cream.  I did this by eating the strawberry.  First, I held the strawberry.  Second, I placed it on my tongue.  Third, I ate it.  In this way, I prepared to eat the cream by eating the strawberry.

7.    I prepared to give the speech.  I did this by stepping onto the philosophy stage.  First, I walked to the bottom of the philosophy stage.  Second, I walked up the stairs.  Third, I stepped onto the philosophy stage.  In this way, I prepared to give the speech by stepping onto the philosophy stage.

8.    I prepared to eat the tomato sauce.  I did this by eating the vegan hamburger.  First, I ate the soy patty.  Second, ate the olive.  Third, I ate the pickle.  In this way, I prepared to eat the tomato sauce by eating the vegan hamburger.

9.     I prepared to prune the tree.  I did this by removing unnecessary leaves.  First, I found the first unnecessary leaf.  Second, I prepared to find the next unnecessary leaf.  Third, I repeated this until I had removed all the unnecessary leaves.  In this way, I prepared to prune the tree by removing unnecessary leaves.

10.   I prepared to drink the water.  I did this by breasoning out preening.  First, I found the dishevelled feather.  Second, I smoothed it.  Third, I repeated this until preened.  In this way, I prepared to drink the water by breasoning out preening.

"]