["Green, L 2021, <i>Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Finite Data will be a Solution in Conglish 3 of 4

21.    I prepared to verify the correctness of the political statement.  I did this by being a perfect political colleague.  First, I listened to the reason given by the politician.  Second, I verified the reason against peer-reviewed double blind legal research.  Third, I handed in the report to the politician.  In this way, I prepared to verify the correctness of the political statement by being a perfect political colleague.

22.    I prepared to verify the relevance of the political reply with a political quorum.  I did this by verifying the relevance of each political comment as it was made.  First, I listened to the first political comment.  Second, I listened to the political reply.  Third, I verified the relevance of the political reply.  In this way, I prepared to verify the relevance of the political reply with a political quorum by verifying the relevance of each political comment as it was made.

23.    I prepared to write how 'ZZX,' the replacement of meaning with structures with no name is so popular because it dealt with in a double blind manner.  I did this by observing the partisan agreeing with philosophy.  First, I wrote down that the form of an ontology in Conglish was the form of its data.  Second, I wrote down that the content of an ontology in Conglish was the disconnected set of meanings of each data item.  Third, I wrote down that form of an ontology in Conglish was superior to its content because algorithms more elegantly traverse ontologies given their form, rather than their comment.  In this way, I prepared to write how 'ZZX,' the replacement of meaning with structures with no name is so popular because it dealt with in a double blind manner, by observing the partisan agreeing with philosophy.

24.    I prepared to give unbiased feedback.  I did this by giving feedback to you.  First, I listened to the topic.  Second, I wrote a comment.  Third, I returned my comment as feedback to you.  In this way, I prepared to give unbiased feedback by giving feedback to you.

25   I prepared to define that the data items were linked together.  I did this by determining that there is a rainbow of numbers in finite data.  First, I determined that 1 corresponded to 0.  Second, I determined that 2 corresponded to 1.  Third, I determined that 3 corresponded to 2.  In this way, I prepared to define that the data items were linked together by determining that there is a rainbow of numbers in finite data.

26.    I prepared to build a functioning farm.  I did this by riding to verify the finite data.  First, I determined that the first paddock was green to stay safe in case of a fire.  Second, I determined that the second paddock was filled with mulch to make compost from, protected by the safety of the first paddock.  Third, I determined that the third paddock was filled with oats to make oat milk from, that would benefit fro the compost.  In this way, I prepared to build a functioning farm by riding to verify the finite data.

27.    I prepared to evolve research.  I did this by writing arguments.  First, I cited a sentence.  Second, I joined it to a new idea.  Third, I reduced it to one side of a contention.  In this way, I prepared to evolve research by writing arguments.

28.    I prepared to write my own algorithm for an idea in the exposition.  I did this by reordering sentences in the exposition.  First, I wrote the beginning sentence from reordering.  Second, I wrote the middle sentence from reordering.  Third, I wrote the ending sentence from reordering.  In this way, I prepared to write my own algorithm for an idea in the exposition by reordering sentences in the exposition.

29.    I prepared to understand how a sentence fitted together.  I did this by reordering words in sentences in the exposition.  First, I wrote the first word from reordering the words.  Second, I prepared to write the next word from reordering the words.  Third, I repeated this until I had written all the words from reordering the words.  In this way, I prepared to understand how a sentence fitted together by reordering words in sentences in the exposition.

30.    I prepared to write how reasons for a pedagogical argument were supported by experiences.  I did this by writing an illustrative computer program in the critique.  First, I found the objects referred to in the idea.  Second, I wrote down the relationship of these objects.  Third, I wrote down a computer program allowing querying of these relationships.  In this way, I prepared to write how reasons for a pedagogical argument were supported by experiences by writing an illustrative computer program in the critique.

"]