["Green, L 2021, <i>Radical Difference 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Radical Difference 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to offer a Management course. I did this by collecting the Lucianic Management degree's pedagogy arguments. First, I collected the first group of subjects. Second, I prepared to collect the next group of subjects. Third, I repeated this until I had collected all the groups of subjects. In this way, 1 prepared to offer a Management course by collecting the Lucianic Management degree's pedagogy arguments.

12.    I prepared to offer a Law course. I did this by collecting the Lucianic Law degree's pedagogy arguments. First, I collected the lawsuit subject pedagogy argument. Second, I collected the contract law subject pedagogy argument. Third, I collected the LM legal governance subject pedagogy argument. In this way, I prepared to offer a Law course by collecting the Lucianic Law degree's pedagogy arguments.

13.    I prepared to offer an Education course. I did this by collecting the Lucianic Pedagogy degree's pedagogy arguments. First, I collected the design subject pedagogy argument. Second, I collected the delivery subject pedagogy argument. Third, I collected the assessment subject pedagogy argument. In this way, I prepared to offer an Education course by collecting the Lucianic Pedagogy degree's pedagogy arguments.

14.    I prepared to go for a walk. I did this by drinking the cup of water. First, I picked up the cup. Second, I lifted it to my lips. Third, I drank from it. In this way, I prepared to go for a walk by drinking the cup of water.

15   I prepared to take the person to a safe place. I did this by negotiating an agreement with my opponent. First, I verified whether I agreed with the first sentence. Second, I prepared to verify whether I agreed with the next sentence. Third, I repeated this until I had agreed with a sentence. In this way, I prepared to take the person to a safe place by negotiating an agreement with my opponent.

16.    I prepared to write about the master's conclusion. I, a philosopher did this by agreeing with God (e.g. the master). First, I opened the envelope. Second, I took out the master's conclusion. Third, I agreed with it. In this way, I prepared to write about the master's conclusion by agreeing with God (e.g. the master).

17.    I prepared to verify the writing. I did this by meditating on (e.g. writing about) God (e.g. the master). First, I opened the volume. Second, I opened the volume at the correct chapter. Third, I wrote about the master's chapter's title. In this way, I prepared to verify the writing by meditating on (e.g. writing about) God (e.g. the master).

18.    I prepared to order Conglish. I did this by passing the assignment by using pedagogy. First, I researched the author's text. Second, I researched the secondary texts about this text. Third, I connected comments on quotes from these secondary texts as my argument. In this way, I prepared to order Conglish by passing the assignment by using pedagogy.

19.    I prepared to publish the article in a journal. I did this by determining that Lucianic Meditation (writing about the philosopher Lucian) worked. First, I verified that the writer had better movement in her body from drinking four glasses of water 45 minutes before breakfast, as suggested in the Lucianic text. Second, I performed a double blind experiment, in which neither the subjects nor the experiments were aware of the of the critical aspects of the experiment. Third I submitted the research to peer reviewers. In this way, I prepared to publish the article in a journal by determining that Lucianic Meditation (writing about the philosopher Lucian) worked.

20   I prepared to verify the sentence. I did this by rebutting to the objection in the critical thinking subject. First, I held the shop sign. Second, I found it too heavy (e.g. I sang a song). Third, I pushed its post into the ground. In this way, I prepared to verify the sentence by rebutting to the objection in the critical thinking subject.

"]