["Green, L 2021, <i>Order in Conglish 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Order in Conglish 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to write an Aig.  I did this by meditating (in fact, undertaking theatre studies safety training).  First, I studied the first theatre studies safety training subject.  Second, I prepared to study the second theatre studies safety training subject.  Third, I repeated this until I had studied all the theatre studies safety training subjects.  In this way, I prepared to write an Aig by meditating (in fact, undertaking theatre studies safety training).

12.   I prepared to cast the singer in the role.  I did this by observing a singer light up in a role.  First, I observed the singer breason out an A.  Second, I observed the singer write an Aig (50 As per role) to become with-it in the role.  Third, I observed the singer light up in the role.  In this way, I prepared to cast the singer in the role by observing a singer light up in a role.

13.    I prepared to count the lines of the Conglish (Computational English) program lines.  I did this by writing that Conglish should be ordered.  First, I verified the structural integrity of the port (left) half of the boat, representing the structure of the empty ontology in Conglish.  Second, I verified the structural integrity of the starboard (right) half of the boat, representing the structure of the empty ontology in Conglish.  Third, I verified that the boat represented that the structure of the empty ontology in Conglish was ordered.  In this way, I prepared to count the lines of the Conglish (Computational English) program lines by writing that Conglish should be ordered.

14.   I prepared to order the company car by washing its window.  I did this by pulling up the window to order Conglish.  First, I pulled the window up the window one third of the way.  Second, I pulled the window up the window two thirds of the way.  Third, I pulled the window up the whole way.  In this way, I prepared to order the company car by washing its window by pulling up the window to order Conglish.

15.   I prepared to order the Conglish subjects.  I did this by observing the marriage.  First, I observed the partner place the ring on his or her partner's finger.  Second, I observed the couple say their vows.  Third, I observed the couple sign the wedding register.  In this way, I prepared to order the Conglish subjects by observing the marriage.

16.   I prepared to order the Conglish objects.  I did this by observing the train station.  First, I arrived at the train station.  Second, I verified the name of the train station.  Third, I disembarked form the train at the train station.  In this way, I prepared to order the Conglish objects by observing the train station.

17.   I prepared to observe the students listen to feedback about the pedagogical arguments that they had written.  I did this by writing a government humanist pedagogy policy for primary school grades four and greater.  First, I wrote that the students should study Nietzsche at University.  Second, I wrote that the students should study a University Education subject.  Third, I wrote that the students should be taught the humanist pedagogy rules.  In this way, I prepared to observe the students listen to feedback about the pedagogical arguments that they had written by writing a government humanist pedagogy policy for primary school grades four and greater.

18.   I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of meditation.  I did this by writing a government meditation policy for primary school grades prep and greater.  First, I wrote that the students should study the meditation arguments.  Second, I wrote that the students should study the medicine arguments.  Third, I wrote that the students should be taught the meditation technique.  In this way, I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of meditation by writing a government meditation policy for primary school grades prep and greater.

19.    I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of medicine.  I did this by writing a government medicine policy for primary school grades prep and greater.  First, I wrote that the students should study the circulatory system argument.  Second, I wrote that the students should study the respiratory system argument.  Third, I wrote that the students should be taught the digestive system argument.  In this way, I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of medicine by writing a government medicine policy for primary school grades prep and greater.

20.  I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of yoga.  I did this by writing a government yoga policy for primary school grades prep and greater.  First, I wrote that the students should study the circulatory system argument.  Second, I wrote that the students should study the respiratory system argument.  Third, I wrote that the students should be taught the digestive system argument.  In this way, I prepared to observe the students research the positive effects of yoga by writing a government yoga policy for primary school grades prep and greater.

"]