["Green, L 2021, <i>Symbols 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Symbols 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to position the best people throughout the world and it's states.  I did this by connecting Nietzsche's Übermensch with Lucian's philosophy.  First, I connected Nietzsche's Übermensch with Computational English by stating to find the best person in terms of speed of achieving her goal.  Second, I connected Nietzsche's Übermensch with Economics by providing enough breasoning currency to make everyone the equal best, to rotate socioeconomic status by geographic location.  Third, I connected Nietzsche's Übermensch with Lucian's autobiography by rewarding meditation (philosophy) teaching effort.  In this way, I prepared to position the best people throughout the world and it's states by connecting Nietzsche's Übermensch with Lucian's philosophy.

22.   I prepared to dialectise my philosophy.  I did this by connecting Heidegger's Question and Answer with Lucian's Medicine.  First, I connected Heidegger's Question and Answer with Lucian's Pedagogy by answering essay questions.  Second, I connected Heidegger's Question and Answer with Lucian's Medicine by diagnosing certain medical disorders and prescribing certain treatments.  Third, I connected Heidegger's Question and Answer with Lucian's Meditation (Philosophy) by verifying that the Hours Prayer (argument) had been demanded and supplied.  In this way, I prepared to dialectise my philosophy by connecting Heidegger's Question and Answer with Lucian's Medicine.

23.   I prepared to become a tutor by attending the Logic Summer School and finished Philosophy Honours by speaking at 3 international conferences.  I did this by connecting Wittgenstein's language as reduced to object or grammar with Lucian's philosophy.  First, I connected Wittgenstein's language as reduced to object or grammar with Lucian's Culturology by representing the sea with the metaphor the hand, or stating that 'I swam in the sea'.  Second, I connected Wittgenstein's language as reduced to object or grammar with Lucian's Epistemology by writing creative writing theory (praxemes, or lines to write about), e.g. write about: apples, and contrast praxemes using the objects.  Third, I connected Wittgenstein's language as reduced to object or grammar with Lucian's Gay Studies by writing I held her hand and I walked with him.  In this way, I prepared to become a tutor by attending the Logic Summer School and finished Philosophy Honours by speaking at 3 international conferences by connecting Wittgenstein's language as reduced to object or grammar with Lucian's philosophy.

24.   I prepared to connect Foucault's episteme with Societology by mulling over social malhesian (sic).  I did this by connecting Foucault's episteme with Lucian's philosophy.  First, I connected Foucault's episteme with Hermeneutics by connecting spatial and temporal evidence with interpretation.  Second, I connected Foucault's episteme with Communication by stating the evidence at the start of the conversation, not at the end.  Third, I connected Foucault's episteme with Popology by making cultural observations about people with evidence.  In this way, I prepared to connect Foucault's episteme with Societology by mulling over social malhesian (sic) by connecting Foucault's episteme with Lucian's philosophy.

25.  I prepared to connect deconstruction with supplement by stating the meaning had an original reason.  I did this by connecting Derrida's deconstruction with Lucian's philosophy.  First, I found the supplement (secondary thought from the following that is original or natural) of pedagogy was oppressiveness (freedom).  Second, I found the supplement of medicine was reaching nothingness.  Third, I found the supplement of meditation (philosophy) was bliss.  In this way, I prepared to connect deconstruction with supplement by stating the meaning had an original reason by connecting Derrida's deconstruction with Lucian's philosophy.

26.   I prepared to open the book and find the correct character (symbol).  I did this by finding the symbol.  First, I opened the book.  Second, I looked for the symbol.  Third, I found the symbol.  In this way, I prepared to open the book and find the correct character (symbol) by finding the symbol.

27.   I prepared to keep (remember) the secret (fact).  I did this by finding the secret (fact).  First, I opened the box.  Second, I read the text.  Third, I decrypted (understood) the secret (fact).  In this way, I prepared to keep (remember) the secret (fact) by finding the secret (fact).

28.   I prepared to eat the apple.  I did this by stating the pixie asked why I found the secret.  First, I looked at the object.  Second, I wrote the name of the object, the secret.  Third, I stated that the pixie asked why I found the name apple.  In this way, I prepared to eat the apple by stating the pixie asked why I found the secret.

29.   I prepared to state that the yodeler represented the sun, which one of three A must be give to, meaning it's like us, to deserve to pray for (write) 50 As.  I did this by making the yodeler diorama.  First, I made the cardboard yodeler.  Second, I made the background diorama.  Third, I made the yodeler puppet appear to walk along the path.  In this way, I prepared to state that the yodeler represented the sun, which one of three A must be give to, meaning it's like us, to deserve to pray for (write) 50 As by making the yodeler diorama.

30.   I prepared to reverse-engineer the bean process.  I did this by beaning (sic) the peas.  First, I found the peas.  Second, I attached them to a bean.  Third, I ate the bean.  In this way, I prepared to reverse-engineer the bean process by beaning the peas.

"]