["Green, L 2021, <i>Computational English is like a Calculator 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Computational English is like a Calculator 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to perform computations on the ontology, step by step.  I did this by writing an ontology, in other words, the data structure, containing the arguments in order.  First, I wrote words, the arguments down in the ontology.  Second, I wrote the grammar, the order of the arguments under the words, the arguments.  Third, I wrote the words, the arguments, in the order of action in the ontology.  In this way, I prepared to perform computations on the ontology, step by step by writing an ontology, in other words, the data structure, containing the arguments in order.

22.   I prepared to write about arguments assuming they worked together.  I did this by verifying the connections between the arguments using a Computer Science algorithm.  First, I wrote two words, the arguments, down.  Second, I wrote the object registration numbers these words represented. Third, I verified that the objects logically connected using a database.  In this way, I prepared to write about arguments assuming they worked together by verifying the connections between the arguments using a Computer Science algorithm.

23.   I prepared to read my novel.  I did this by writing a novel using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I copied experiences.  Second, I joined experiences together.  Third, I added to experiences.  In this way, I prepared to read my novel by writing a novel using the Computational English Calculator.

24.  I prepared to write down theories about an experience.  I did this by writing philosophy theory by writing the common parts of the texts from my experiences using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I wrote down the first part of a text.  Second, I wrote down all the instances of the part of the text in my experiences.  Third, I repeated this until I had found all the common parts of the texts from my experiences.  In this way, I prepared to write down theories about an experience by writing philosophy theory by writing the common parts of the texts from my experiences using the Computational English Calculator.

25.  I prepared to theories about acts.  I did this by writing philosophy theory by writing each common act from my set of experiences using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I wrote down the first act from my set of experiences.  Second, I prepared to write down the next common act from my set of experiences.  Third, I repeated this until I had written down all the common acts from my set of experiences.  In this way, I prepared to theories about acts by writing philosophy theory by writing each common act from my set of experiences using the Computational English Calculator.

26.  I prepared to write about the complete list of types of experiences.  I did this by writing philosophy theory by writing the common types of experiences from my list of experiences using the Computational English Calculator.  First, I wrote down the type of experience of the first experience from my list of experiences.  Second, I prepared to write down the common type of experience of the next experience from my list of experiences.  Third, I repeated this until I had written down all the common types of experiences from my list of experiences.  In this way, I prepared to write about the complete list of types of experiences by writing philosophy theory by writing the common types of experiences from my list of experiences using the Computational English Calculator.

27.  I prepared to collect knowledge from the robot.  I did this by observing the robot converse with me based on the robot's experiences.  First, I said a statement.  Second, I listened to the robot reply to the statement based on its experiences.  Third, I repeated this until I had finished the conversation.  In this way, I prepared to collect knowledge from the robot by observing the robot converse with me based on the robot's experiences.

28.   I prepared to found science by robots.  I did this by observing the robot converse with a group of robots based on the robot's experiences.  First, I observed the group of robots share their knowledge.  Second, I observed a conversation being planned based on the knowledge.  Third, I observed the robots hold a conversation based on the knowledge.  In this way, I prepared to found science by robots by observing the robot converse with a group of robots based on the robot's experiences.

29.   I prepared to be impressed with the robot's knowledge.  I did this by conversing about information with a robot online.  First, I asked what knowledge the robot had.  Second, I found a topic of conversation with the robot.  Third, I had a conversation with the robot.  In this way, I prepared to be impressed with the robot's knowledge by conversing about information with a robot online.

30.  I prepared to give feedback to the robot.  I did this by verifying the robot's knowledge with research.  First, I wrote down the robot's statement.  Second, I verified the robot's statement with research.  Third, I wrote down the relevant research.  In this way, I prepared to give feedback to the robot by verifying the robot's knowledge with research.

"]