["Green, L 2021, <i>The Science of Crossing Over 3 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
The Science of Crossing Over 3 of 4

21.   I prepared to translate the document written in Vedic Sanskrit into Classical Sanskrit.  I did this by contrasting the verb 'to be' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'be' is 'as' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Subjunctive, Injunctive, Optative, Imperative, Participle, Imperfect and Perfect parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'be' is 'as' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has an Imperfect, Imperative, Optative and Perfect parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the general meaning of the Vedic Sanskrit Injunctive part of the verb expresses a desire, e.g. 'Let them be leaders'.  In this way, I prepared to translate the document written in Vedic Sanskrit into Classical Sanskrit by contrasting the verb 'to be' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.

22.   I prepared to interpret the speaker speaking Vedic Sanskrit for a Classical Sanskrit-speaking audience.  I did this by contrasting the verb 'attain' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'attain' is 'aṃś' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the fifth conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Subjunctive, Imperative, Participle, Perfect, Subjunctive, Optative, Participle, Perfect, Aorist, Injunctive, Precative, Subjunctive, and Infinitive parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'attain' is 'aś' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the fifth conjugational class and has an Imperfect, Imperative, Optative and Perfect parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the Vedic Sanskrit Present Indicative part of the verb is a statement of a fact in the present, that 'I attain the goal'.  In this way, I prepared to interpret the speaker speaking Vedic Sanskrit for a Classical Sanskrit-speaking audience by contrasting the verb 'attain' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.

23.   I prepared to teach the difference between Vedic Sanskrit and Classical Sanskrit.  I did this by contrasting the preposition 'eat' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'eat' is 'ad' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Subjunctive, Optative, Imperative, Participle, Imperfect, Future, [Present, Aorist, Past Participle], Gerund, Infinitive and Causative parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'eat' is 'ad' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has an Imperfect, Imperative, Optative, Future, Passive, [Present, Aorist, Participle], Gerund, Infinitive and Causative parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the Vedic Sanskrit Subjunctive part of the verb is a suggestion, wish, etc. using 'I were' and other specific verb forms.  In this way, I prepared to teach the difference between Vedic Sanskrit and Classical Sanskrit by contrasting the preposition 'eat' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.

24.   I prepared to write in the language of the Gods 'Vedic Sanskrit', by translating a document written in Classical Sanskrit into it.  I did this by contrasting the verb 'to go' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'go' is 'i' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Subjunctive, Injunctive, Optative, Imperative, Participle, Imperfect, Injunctive, Imperative, Present Indicative, Imperfect, Perfect, Participle, Pluperfect, Future, [Present, Aorist, Past Participle], Gerund and Infinitive parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'go' is 'i' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the second conjugational class and has an Imperfect, Imperative, Optative, Perfect, Future, Passive, Participle and Causative parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the Classical Sanskrit Imperfect part of the verb is given by the example, 'I was going'.  In this way, I prepared to write in the language of the Gods 'Vedic Sanskrit', by translating a document written in Classical Sanskrit into it by contrasting the verb 'to go' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.

25.  I prepared to translate the meditation utterance written in Vedic Sanskrit into Classical Sanskrit.  I did this by contrasting the verb 'to make' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'move' is 'īṣ' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the first conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Injunctive, Imperative, Participle, Perfect and [Present, Aorist, Past Participle] parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'move' is 'car' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the first conjugational class and has a Perfect, Future, Passive, Gerund, Infinitive, Causative and Aorist parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the Classical Sanskrit Perfect part of the verb is given by the example, 'I was going'.

26.   I prepared to define the irregular characteristics of Vedic Sanskrit grammar in the Vedic Sanskrit play, contrasted with Classical Sanskrit.  I did this by contrasting the noun 'bend' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.  First, I wrote that the verb 'bend' is 'ac' in Vedic Sanskrit, is in the first conjugational class and has Present Indicative, Imperative, Passive, Participle, Imperfect, [Present, Aorist, Past Participle] and Gerund parts of the verb.  Second, I wrote that the verb 'bend' is 'añc' in Classical Sanskrit, is in the first conjugational class and has a Passive, [Present, Aorist, Participle], and Causative parts of the verb.  Third, I concluded that the Classical Sanskrit Passive part of the verb is given by the example, 'He was bent'.  In this way, I prepared to define the irregular characteristics of Vedic Sanskrit grammar in the Vedic Sanskrit play, contrasted with Classical Sanskrit by contrasting the noun 'bend' in Vedic and Classical Sanskrit.

27.   I prepared to determine that the crossing over of characters was induction.  I did this by determining the crossing over of characters by induction of physical simulation.  First, I observed the first character facing east in a business suit.  Second, I observed the second character touching the first character's hand, facing west in a business suit.  Third, I induced that the two characters were making a business agreement by shaking hands.  In this way, I prepared to determine that the crossing over of characters was induction by determining the crossing over of characters by induction of physical simulation.

28.   I prepared to detect why two crossings over of characters were different.  I did this by determining the contrast of two crossings over of characters in three dimensions.  First, I observed the first character smiling at another character.  Second, I observed the second character frowning (in fact, laughing) at the first character.  Third, I observed that the smile was still, while the laugh was repetitive.  In this way, I prepared to detect why two crossings over of characters were different by determining the contrast of two crossings over of characters in three dimensions.

29.   I prepared to determine the significance of crossings occurring inside or outside.  I did this by determining the contrast of the crossing over of characters across two social groups in four dimensions.  First, I observed one teenager demonstrate knowledge of safety precautions by looking both ways before crossing at the crossing to meet her friend.  Second, I observed the grandfather demonstrate knowledge of safety precautions by looking both ways before crossing the corridor to meet his friend.  Third, I observed that the teenagers' crossing occurred outside, while the senior citizens' crossing occurred inside.  In this way, I prepared to determine the significance of crossings occurring inside or outside by determining the contrast of the crossing over of characters across two social groups in four dimensions.

30.   I prepared to reduce the rhetorical structure as A acted on C, B acted on C, to A (the self) authenticated itself against B (the other).  I did this by determining the contrast of the crossing over of characters across two states in five dimensions.  First, I observed the French man crossing over to kiss another on the cheek.  Second, I observed the German woman cremating a body.  Third, I observed that the French crossing involved tow people, and the German crossing involved a person and an object.  In this way, I prepared to reduce the rhetorical structure as A acted on C, B acted on C, to A (the self) authenticated itself against B (the other) by determining the contrast of the crossing over of characters across two states in five dimensions.

"]