["Green, L 2021, <i>Symbols 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Symbols 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to discover what was beyond each pedagogical threshold.  I did this by aiding the text to be selected by writing objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.  First, I wrote the vocational skills in object-value form.  Second, I wrote the narrative-like areas of study in people-value form.  Third, I wrote about the trials and travails of being a vocational pedagogue.  In this way, I prepared to discover what was beyond each pedagogical threshold by aiding the text to be selected by writing objects' values and values of people, each in 10*19 sentences.

12.   I prepared to teach meditation (philosophy).  I did this by designing the meditation (philosophy) teaching business.  First, I installed the web site.  Second, I uploaded the courseware.  Third, I advertised the courses.  In this way, I prepared to teach meditation (philosophy) by designing the meditation (philosophy) teaching business.

13.    I prepared to show that there was a university in each country.  I did this by designing the self-generating University.  First, I found the people.  Second, I helped them to write secondary texts and tenure documents.  Third, I was granted funding for accreditation.  In this way, I prepared to show that there was a university in each country by designing the self-generating University.

14.   I prepared to verify society using breasoning currency.  I did this by writing the Economics thesis.  First, I used breasoning currency to verify the self's purchases.  Second, I used breasoning currency to verify the other's purchases.  Third, I used breasoning currency to verify everyone's purchases.  In this way, I prepared to verify society using breasoning currency by writing the Economics thesis.

15.   I prepared to be a professor.  I did this by writing the Economics thesis framework.  First, I wrote the first of the 32 10-breasoning As and wrote how it related to the topic.  Second, I prepared to write the next 10-breasoning A, and wrote how it related to the topic.  Third, I repeated this until I had written 32 10-breasoning As and had written how it related to the topic.  In this way, I prepared to be a professor by writing the Economics thesis framework.

16.   I prepared to feel the temperature.  I did this by feeling like Plato because it was cold.  First, I found the jumper.  Second, I put it on, over my head.  Third, I inserted my arms in the arms of the jumper.  In this way, I prepared to feel the temperature by feeling like Plato because it was cold.

17.   I prepared to teach Medicine (Medicine, Pedagogy and Meditation (Philosophy)) and Arts (Computational English), and Art later (Creative Writing, etc.).  I did this by opening the philosophy business.  First, I wrote the Mission Statement of the school.  Second, I appointed the private school committee.  Third, I researched the state's curriculum requirements.  In this way, I prepared to teach Medicine (Medicine, Pedagogy and Meditation (Philosophy)) and Arts (Computational English), and Art later (Creative Writing, etc.) by opening the philosophy business.

18.   I prepared to make Lucian's meditation (philosophy) supplement philosophy as central.  I did this by connecting Plato's basis on philosophy with Lucian's basis on meditation (philosophy).  First, I observed that meditation (philosophy) enabled me to write with fewer mistakes.  Second, I observed that meditation (philosophy) enabled me to paint objects more accurately.  Third, I observed that meditation (philosophy) enabled me to sing more clearly.  In this way, I prepared to make Lucian's meditation (philosophy) supplement philosophy as central by connecting Plato's basis on philosophy with Lucian's basis on meditation (philosophy).

19.    I prepared to be a great thinker.  I did this by connecting Socrates' idea to aim to think with Lucian's philosophy.  First, I thought and found that the main conclusion of pedagogy was determining the essay mark.  Second, I thought and found that the main conclusion of meditation (writing) was creating a working meditation system.  Third, I thought and found that the main conclusion of medicine was determining achieving no mental breakdowns.  In this way, I prepared to be a great thinker by connecting Socrates' idea to aim to think with Lucian's philosophy.

20.  I prepared to claim centrality means philosophy.  I did this by connecting Aristotle's virtue as a mean to Lucian's philosophy.  First, I wrote Aristotle's virtue as a mean connected with Lucian's meditation (philosophy) resulted in thinking of higher thoughts in meditation.  Second, I wrote Aristotle's virtue as a mean connected with Lucian's medicine resulted in thinking of the blood cell, reminding one of creative philosophy.  Third, I wrote Aristotle's virtue as a mean connected with Lucian's pedagogy resulted in the thoughts being in the centre.  In this way, I prepared to claim centrality means philosophy by connecting Aristotle's virtue as a mean to Lucian's philosophy.

"]