["Green, L 2021, <i>Drawing connections 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Drawing connections 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to enjoy a high quality of life.  I did this by employing a legal consultant to help legally protect educational institutions.  First, I wrote a contract to protect the organisation from donated land being revoked.  Second, I wrote a contract so that people who had been emoyed to provide services wouldn't break their contracts.  Third, I wrote a contract to protect the organisation from donated money being revoked.   In this way, I prepared to enjoy a high quality of life by employing a legal consultant to help legally protect educational institutions.

12.   I prepared to ensure the home systems' smooth running.  I did this by cracking the bug.  First, I cracked the car bug.  Second, I cracked the computer bug.  Third, I cracked the robot bug.  In this way, I prepared to ensure the home systems' smooth running by cracking the bug.

13.    I prepared to paint the possibilities.  I did this by drawing a connection.  First, I asked the politician what the options were.  Second, I asked the meditator which option she would like to choose.  Third, I drew a connection from the meditator's answer to the politician's action.  In this way, I prepared to paint the possibilities by drawing a connection.

14.   I prepared to build primary and secondary school students' confidence.  I did this by adding the item between the connected items.  First, I observed the politician introduce meditation into schools.  Second, I observed the children take part if they wanted to.  Third, I observed the meditator also introduce pedagogy and medicine, improving meditation.  In this way, I prepared to build primary and secondary school students' confidence by adding the item between the connected items.

15.   I prepared to express perfect function.  I did this by apologising for anything non-positive (I wrote the positive idea down).  First, I wrote the incorrect statement (another correct statement) down that I had been given.  Second, I noted that it had been originally written by a person I was responsible for.  Third, I apologized for the incorrect statement (wrote the correct statement).  In this way, I prepared to express perfect function by apologising for anything non-positive (I wrote the positive idea down).

16.   I prepared to experience heaven on Earth.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Music.  First, I wrote about music.  Second, I wrote about pleasures.  Third, I wrote about fantasias.  In this way, I prepared to experience heaven on Earth by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Music.

17.   I prepared to understand the author through his idea and it's use.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Philosophy.  First, I wrote about forms.  Second, I wrote about pleasure.  Third, I wrote about Plato.  In this way, I prepared to understand the author through his idea and it's use by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Philosophy.

18.   I prepared to become a lecturer.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about English.  First, I wrote that the 100% PhD earner wrote 275 breasonings per A.  Second, I wrote that he wrote 50 of these As.  Third, I wrote that he doubled this to do the lecturer's work for him.  In this way, I prepared to become a lecturer by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about English.

19.    I prepared to find similarities between Plato's Forms and Lucian's Pedagogy.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's Forms about Pedagogy.  First, I equated Plato's Forms with Lucianic Pedagogy.  Second, I equated Plato's names of Forms with Lucianic Pedagogical object names.  Third, I equated Plato's function of Forms with Lucianic Pedagogical breasonings (objects' x, y and z dimensions).  In this way, I prepared to find similarities between Plato's Forms and Lucian's Pedagogy by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's Forms about Pedagogy.

20.  I prepared to equate a breasoning with a Platonic form.  I did this by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Meditation.  First, I collected, or paid someone who had collected 250 breasonings that plugged into the 250 Breasonings Per Utterance (Mantra and Sutra) to become a meditator.  Second, I was helped to think of 1 breasoning per mantra instance.  Third, I was helped to think of 5 breasonings per sutra instance.  In this way, I prepared to equate a breasoning with a Platonic form by writing 16 250 breasoning areas of study influenced by Plato's forms about Meditation.

"]