["Green, L 2021, <i>A New Logic Reflecting Language or Natural Logic 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
A New Logic Reflecting Language or Natural Logic 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to reduce psychiatric costs.  I did this by preventing etiological phenomena (the virus AIDS, in fact maintaining human happiness by using a condom, in fact abstaining from sex).  First, I stood at the start of the path.  Second, I started walking along the path.  Third, I walked along the path until the end of it.  In this way, I prepared to reduce psychiatric costs by preventing etiological phenomena (the disease AIDS, in fact maintaining human happiness by using a condom, in fact abstaining from sex).

12.   I prepared to remain healthy.  I did this by preventing the virus influenza by avoiding coughing people (promoting gaiety by talking with healthy people).  First, I walked into the room.  Second, I talked with healthy people.  Third, I left the room.  In this way, I prepared to remain healthy by preventing the virus influenza by avoiding coughing people (promoting gaiety by talking with healthy people).

13.    I prepared to form the international society.  I did this by preventing racism (promoting multiculturalism by making friends with all races).  First, I made friends with a person from the first race.  Second, I prepared to make friends with a person from the next race.  Third, I repeated this until I had made friends with people from all of the races.  In this way, I prepared to form the international society by preventing racism (promoting multiculturalism by making friends with all races).

14.   I prepared to make sure people of different genders had equal rights.  I did this by preventing sexism (promoting gender equality by employing equal numbers of men and women).  First, I employed a man.  Second, I employed a woman.  Third, I repeated this until all the positions had been filled.  In this way, I prepared to make sure people of different genders had equal rights by preventing sexism (promoting gender equality by employing equal numbers of men and women).

15.   I prepared to walk to the next room.  I did this by preventing murder (suggesting the first person held the door open).  First, I suggested the first person hold the door open.  Second, she held it open.  Third, everyone walked through.  In this way, I prepared to walk to the next room by preventing murder (suggesting the first person held the door open).

16.   I prepared to give people enough room to move.  I did this by preventing rape (promoting sexual respect by giving people personal space).  First, I imagined a one-metre-square box around the person's feet.  Second, I walked towards the box.  Third, I stopped when I reached the box.  In this way, I prepared to give people enough room to move by preventing rape (promoting sexual respect by giving people personal space).

17.   I prepared to make sure that the place where I was was safe.  I did this by preventing terrorism (promoting counter-terrorism measures by reporting an abandoned bag on the ground).  First, I identified the isolated bag.  Second, I double-checked it didn't belong to anyone.  Third, I reported it to authorities.  In this way, I prepared to make sure that the place where I was was safe by preventing terrorism (promoting counter-terrorism measures by reporting an abandoned bag on the ground).

18.   I prepared the person.  I did this by preventing pedophilia (respecting the person).  First, I walked to the person.  Second, I shook his hand.  Third, I walked back.  In this way, I prepared the person by preventing pedophilia (respecting the person).

19.    I prepared to play in the house.  I did this by preventing nuclear weapons (respect people by building a cubby house).  First, I built the floor.  Second, I built the walls.  Third, I built the roof.  In this way, I prepared to play in the house by preventing nuclear weapons (respect people by building a cubby house).

20.  I prepared to be a creative writing/philosophy pedagogue.  I did this by preventing mistakes (maintaining correctness by undertaking training for my primary job).  First, I retrieved the job training I needed.  Second, I contrasted the job training's skills with the skills I needed for my job.  Third, I completed additional training to learn the skills I needed for my job.  In this way, I prepared to be a creative writing/philosophy pedagogue by preventing mistakes (maintaining correctness by undertaking training for my primary job).

"]