["Green, L 2021, <i>Subject Mix 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Subject Mix 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to verify the results of the Prolog computer.  I did this by using the Prolog computer.  First, I opened the Prolog computer.  Second, I saw that the circuitry was designed to run Prolog code.  Third, I ran the Prolog program.  In this way, I prepared to verify the results of the Prolog computer by using the Prolog computer.

12.   I prepared to sign that I had won a mental duel.  I did this by stating that I was right.  First, I determined that I was right.  Second, I found another person who agreed that I was right.  Third, I announced that I was right.  In this way, I prepared to sign that I had won a mental duel by stating that I was right.

13.    I prepared to feel haughty.  I did this by observing the parrot breen (sic) the seed.  First, I observed the parrot take the seed.  Second, I observed the parrot open the seed.  Third, I observed the parrot eat the seed.  In this way, I prepared to feel haughty by observing the parrot breen (sic) the seed.

14.   I prepared to exist in the universe.  I did this by listening to the philosopher querying what kinds of thresholds exist in the universe.  First, I blessed the undeveloped breasoning to become developed.  Second, I breasoned out the pedagogy degree, including the professor algorithm.  Third, I breasoned out 80 breasonings to surpass the threshold for (earn an) A.  In this way, I prepared to exist in the universe by listening to the philosopher querying what kinds of thresholds exist in the universe.

15.   I prepared to represent the universe.  I did this by flying the black dot on the white background as the universe flag.  First, I collected the white flag.  Second, I printed a black circle on it.  Third, I flew the flag.  In this way, I prepared to represent the universe by flying the black dot on the white background as the universe flag.

16.   I prepared to represent Lord Lucian.  I did this by flying Lord Lucian's flag.  First, I found the stand.  Second, I fixed the upper left corner of the flag to the upper left corner of the stand.  Third, I fixed the upper right corner of the flag to the upper right corner of the stand.  In this way, I prepared to represent Lord Lucian by flying Lord Lucian's flag.

17.   I prepared to publish a certain amount per year.  I did this by writing the University journal article.  First, I wrote the article.  Second, I breasoned out 50 As.  Third, I published the article in the journal.  In this way, I prepared to publish a certain amount per year by writing the University journal article.

18.   I prepared to show the sculpture.  I did this by writing the block sculpture.  First, I created the sculpture.  Second, I brainstormed the argument.  Third, I wrote the argument.  In this way, I prepared to show the sculpture by writing the block sculpture.

19.    I prepared to hand out food.  I did this by agreeing with the flag.  First, I verified the flag.  Second, I cited that it had been checked.  Third, I agreed with the flag.  In this way, I prepared to hand out food by agreeing with the flag.

20.  I prepared to.  I did this by writing 50 250 breasoning As for sales to academics.  First, I installed LM (book-reading) in the fame-creating University.  Second, I installed Pedagogy in the University.  Third, I wrote a 250 breasoning argument containing the primary text and 4 secondary texts.

"]