["Green, L 2021, <i>Conglish Reflection 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Conglish Reflection 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to feed Inky.  I did this by scooping Inky's pellets.  First, I touched the pile of pellets with the scoop.  Second, I scooped the pellets.  Third, I lifted the scoop of pellets up.  In this way, I prepared to feed Inky by scooping Inky's pellets.

12.   I prepared to dry my feet.  I did this by living on water.  First, I drank the first glass of water.  First, I rowed the boat.  Third, I set foot in my house.  In this way, I prepared to dry my feet by living on water.

13.    I prepared to spoon the sugar.  I did this by identifying reiner (pure) sugar.  First, I found all the leaves in the sugar.  Second, I placed the leaves in a separate bowl.  Third, I labelled the sugar pure.  In this way, I prepared to spoon the sugar by identifying reiner (pure) sugar.

14.   I prepared to serve the vegetable burger.  I did this by cooking the vegetable patty.  First, I made the patty from semolina, soy and carrot.  Second, I minced it up.  Third, I cooked it.  In this way, I prepared to serve the vegetable burger by cooking the vegetable patty.

15.   I prepared to go dancing.  I did this by lacing up the shoelaces.  First, I put on the shoe.  Second, I tied a knot with the laces.  Third, I tied a bow with the laces.  In this way, I prepared to go dancing by lacing up the shoelaces.

16.   I prepared to reflect that the jet was fast.  I did this by looking at the jet.  First, I looked up.  Second, I found the jet.  Third, I looked at it with my eyes.  In this way, I prepared to reflect that the jet was fast by looking at the jet.

17.   I prepared to watch the female hamster play Ophelia.  I did this by watching the male hamster give the female hamster a wig.  First, I watched the male hamster find the wig.  Second, I watched the male hamster find the female hamster.  Third, I watched the male hamster give the female hamster a wig.  In this way, I prepared to watch the female hamster play Ophelia by watching the male hamster give the female hamster a wig.

18.   I prepared to distribute the education video.  I did this by scouring the independent school grounds.  First, I walked onto the Computational English.  Second, I sat in the actor's folding chair.  Third, I performed my lines on camera.  In this way, I prepared to distribute the education video by scouring the independent school grounds.

19.    I prepared to argue that the object should precede the subject.  I did this by writing the internal perspective on Conglish.  First, I wrote the linguistic subject.  Second, I wrote the verb.  Third, I wrote the object.  In this way, I prepared to argue that the subject should be preceded by (explained in terms of the) object by writing the internal perspective on Conglish.

20.  I prepared to challenge universalism by offering logicism as my argument.  I did this by writing the reason for the internal perspective on Conglish.  First, I wrote that the object should be reflected before the proposition to explain the subject in terms of the object.  Second, I wrote that the verb should precede the subject to explain the action in a bottom-up method.  Third, I stated that 'The banana was Sam's' and 'The banana was eaten by Sam' should replaced 'Sam ate the banana'.  In this way, I prepared to challenge universalism by offering logicism as my argument by writing the reason for the internal perspective on Conglish.

"]