["Green, L 2021, <i>Analysing characteristics of arguments 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Analysing characteristics of arguments 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to be a meditation (philosophy) teacher.  I did this by virtuously running up the pole.  First, I stepped on the first rung of the stairs on the pole.  Second, I prepared to walk to the next step.  Third, I repeated this until I had ran up the pole.  In this way, I prepared to be a meditation (philosophy) teacher by virtuously running up the pole.

12.   I prepared to answer the next question.  I did this by verifying that the answer was correct.  First, I read the row that the answer was in.  Second, I read the answer in this row and the column of my set of correct answers.  Third, I verified that they were the same.  In this way, I prepared to answer the next question by verifying that the answer was correct.

13.    I prepared to play checkers with a person.  I did this by verifying that the person was good.  First, I verified that the person id good deeds.  Second, I verified that the person had good moral character.  Third, I verified that the person had a clean criminal record.  In this way, I prepared to play checkers with a person by verifying that the person was good.

14.   I prepared to sell more danishes.  I did this by testing that the vegan danish was delicious.  First, I lifted the vegan danish to my lips.  Second, I bit the apricot in the vegan danish.  Third, I tested that it was delicious.  In this way, I prepared to sell more danishes by testing that the vegan danish was delicious.

15.   I prepared to compose using the major triad (happy chord).  I did this by ascertaining that the music was harmonious.  First, I worked out that the base note in the chord was 'Do'.  Second, I worked out that the second note in the chord was 'Mi'.   Third, I worked out that the third note in the chord was 'Sol'.  In this way, I prepared to compose using the major triad (happy chord) by ascertaining that the music was harmonious.

16.   I prepared to eat the vegan yoghurt.  I did this by eating the slice of apple.  First, I wrote the seen-as version of meditation (philosophy).  Second, I wrote lectures on it.  Third, I sliced the part of work off to do like eating a slice of apple.  In this way, I prepared to eat the vegan yoghurt by eating the slice of apple.

17.   I prepared to be served the main course.  I did this by giving positive feedback about eating the apple.  First, I ate the apple.  Second, I wrote the positive feedback about eating the apple on a card.  Third, I handed the card to an attendant.  In this way, I prepared to be served the main course by giving positive feedback about eating the apple.

18.   I prepared to be warm in winter.  I did this by wearing the jumper.  First, I wrote the seen-as version of medicine (English).  Second, I wrote lectures on it.  Third, I summarised the lectures like wearing the jumper.  In this way, I prepared to be warm in winter by wearing the jumper.

19.    I prepared to swallow the cherry.  I did this by licking the cherry.  First, I held the cherry.  Second, I placed it on my tongue.  Third, I lolled it in my mouth.  In this way, I prepared to swallow the cherry by licking the cherry.

20.  I prepared to avoid disturbing (seeing) the people.  I did this by walking past the people.  First, I saw the redcoats.  Second, I plotted a path going around them.  Third, I walked around them.  In this way, I prepared to avoid disturbing (seeing) the people by walking past the people.

"]