["Green, L 2021, <i>Narratology Diagram 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
Narratology Diagram 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to teach meditation daily.  I did this by developing my own meditation system.  First, I thought of the necessary systems.  Second, I thought of the necessary thoughts in each system.  Third, I breasoned out arguments for each system.  In this way, I prepared to teach meditation daily by developing my own meditation system.

12.   I prepared to teach.  I did this by developing my own pedagogy system.  First, I thought of the necessary system.  Second, I thought of the necessary thoughts in that system.  Third, I breasoned out arguments for these thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to teach by developing my own pedagogy system.

13.    I prepared to help you be successful in life.  I did this by advising you to learn to meditate.  First, I taught you meditation.  Second, I recommended that you meditate each day.  Third, you meditated each day.  In this way, I prepared to help you be successful in life by advising you to learn to meditate.

14.   I prepared to increase police presence in the area with a higher crime rate.  I did this by observing that society had a lower crime rate.  First, I observed the total number of crimes in the society where I was.  Second, I observed the total number of crimes in another society.  Third, I observed that my society had a lower crime rate than another society.  In this way, I prepared to increase police presence in the area with a higher crime rate by observing that society had a lower crime rate.

15.   I prepared to achieve my goal.  I did this by driving the car.  First, I opened the car door.  Second, I started the car.  Third, I drove to my destination.  In this way, I prepared to achieve my goal by driving the car.

16.   I prepared to work on my child's marks.  I did this by bearing an in-vitro fertilised baby.  First, I inserted the sperm into the egg.  Second, I inserted the egg into the uterus.  Third, I bore the baby.  In this way, I prepared to work on my child's marks by bearing an in-vitro fertilised baby.

17.   I, a philosopher, prepared to survive in the industry.  I did this by writing an essay.  First, I wrote the exposition.  Second, I wrote the critique.  Third, I added introduction and conclusion paragraphs to the start and end of the essay, respectively.  In this way, I, a philosopher, prepared to survive in the industry by writing an essay.

18.   The prisoner prepared to die in custody.  She did this by meditating (writing) on positive functionalism.  First, I wrote about being.  Second, I wrote what was 'to' this being.  Third, I wrote a reason for this.  In this way, the prisoner prepared to die in custody by meditating (writing) on positive functionalism.

19.    I prepared to survive on the land.  I did this by holding the gum nut doll.  First, I found a gum nut.  Second, I pinned a small fabric dress to it.  Third, I held it.  In this way, I prepared to survive on the land by holding the gum nut doll.

20.  I prepared to use an item.  I did this by stating that the present part of the verb was represented by 'is looking'.  First, I looked in the past.  Second I looked now.  Third, I prepared to look in the future.  In this way, I prepared to use an item by stating that the present part of the verb was represented by 'is looking'.

"]