["Green, L 2021, <i>The Science of Crossing Over 2 of 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"COMPUTATIONAL ENGLISH
by Lucian Green
The Science of Crossing Over 2 of 4

11.    I prepared to be crystal clear in my vision episodes.  I did this by teaching medicine students to avoid schizophrenic episodes (follow the positive functional path).  First, I took care of my vision.  Second, I took care of you.  Third, I took care of us.  In this way, I prepared to be crystal clear in my vision episodes by teaching medicine students to avoid schizophrenic episodes (follow the positive functional path).

12.   I prepared to use pedagogy skills during my career.  I did this by explaining the essence of the pedagogy degree.  First, I performed the pedagogy skill.  Second, the people detected this using the high quality algorithm available.  Third, I had high quality thoughts.  In this way, I prepared to use pedagogy skills during my career by explaining the essence of the pedagogy degree.

13.    I prepared to observe God (in fact, relatives) performing miracles for (loving) people by training them in being psychiatrically fit with 80 sutras, each triggering 5 breasonings to be expanded to 50 breasonings, for a total of 50 As (with 80 breasonings each).  I did this by explaining the essence of the meditation sutra degree.  First, I watched the meditation sutra (question) register.  Second, I watched the God give Himself a reaction, five breasonings about it, lit up by recordings of 50 breasonings  (I watched the superintendent write a reply on a sheet of paper).  Third, I watched the meditator (popology student) look at something perfect every time he looked at something.  In this way, I prepared to observe God (in fact, relatives) performing miracles for (loving) people by training them in being psychiatrically fit with 80 utterances, each triggering 5 breasonings to be expanded to 50 breasonings, for a total of 50 As (with 80 breasonings each) by explaining the essence of the meditation sutra degree.

14.   I prepared to record the people's reaction.  I did this by explaining the essence of the Computational English degree.  First, I observed the criminal planning and committing the crime.  Second, I tried the criminal.  Third, I agreed with punishment by jail sentence.  In this way,

I prepared to record the people's reaction by explaining the essence of the Computational English degree.

15.   I prepared to relate character details to breasonings.  I did this by writing the sequence of the Lucian Green autobiography course.  First, I wrote the song 'Anarchy'.  Second, I wrote the philosophy web site.  Third, I held a Lucianic Meditation (LM) group meditation session.  In this way, I prepared to relate breasonings to character details by writing the sequence of the Lucian Green autobiography course.

16.   I prepared to relate music details to breasonings.  I did this by writing the Lucian Green's music minor course.  First, I wrote the Anarchy song course materials.  Second, I wrote the Abracadabra song (on Pedagogy) course materials.  Third, I wrote the Abracadabra 2 song (on Meditation) course materials.  In this way, I prepared to relate music details to breasonings by writing the Lucian Green's music minor course.

17.   I prepared to live in a new home.  I did this by designing the atrium.  First, I designed the floor.  Second, I designed the columns.  Third, I designed the ceiling.  In this way, I prepared to live in a new home by designing the atrium.

18.   I prepared to design the cubic seat.  I did this by designing the polyhedron.  First, I designed the cube's base.  Second, I designed the cube's sides.  Third, I designed the cube's top.  In this way, I prepared to design the cubic seat by designing the polyhedron.

19.    I prepared to picture the life and times of the street.  I did this by sketching the street from an excavation.  First, I recorded the location of the street.  Second, I recorded the location of the amphora next to the street.  Third, I sketched the street and amphora.  In this way, I prepared to picture the life and times of the street by sketching the street from an excavation.

20.  I prepared to use my brain, instead of losing its function.  I did this by stating that the LM group meditation (philosophy) session kept life moving for a week.  First, I kept my brain neuroplastic by programming a breasoning algorithm.  Second, I prepared to repeat this on the next day.  Third, I repeated this until the end of the week.  In this way, I prepared to use my brain, instead of losing its function by stating that the LM group meditation (philosophy) session kept life moving for a week.

"]