["Green, L 2021, <i>Bots Join Paradoxical Disconnects 3</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Bots Join Paradoxical Disconnects 3
29. The bot enjoyed creating areas of study and procuring algorithms. The bot was organised to appear when the person was late. I explored the options, from delegating tasks to eliminating tasks, sharing tasks, finding helpers, using a machine, helping, or postponing tasks. I discussed the MBA work with a mentor. If I couldn't find one, I chatted with a chatbot.
30. The bot applied the academic method (taking notes, questioning, having discussions, talking to other students and using diagrams) to computer science. The bot finished the action, corrected mistakes, and completed all the actions based on the sensory information (it was not imagined). I appeared to stay in my own time but was seen as visiting the other time, giving me advantages in longevity, health, and engagement in study by talking to other visitors. I mentioned non-time or place-specific ideas I studied in my course to other people, visitors, machines, and computers. I put the relevant results of note-taking, questioning, discussions, speaking to peers and using visual aids into assignments.
31. The bot focused on fundamentals, education or projects. The bot checked times around the time to help automate the education business. The lecturers engaged with relevant questions and replies from students in lectures, fielding their responses and taking calculated risks. The texts were designed to be thought-provoking, the Eisenhower Matrix helped rank tasks to do more important ones and students were encouraged to choose lines of research to follow, helping them choose short and long pedagogical computer science projects. These lines of research might include key terms, interests or extensions.
32. The bot frightened away animals when they were not expected when camping. I mind-read animal friends in automatically developing algorithms using a similar algorithm to the strings-to-grammar algorithm by starting with amusements and jokes, covering fine art and languages, and giving them ideas to work on that aligned with their thoughts and human likeness and asking their opinions on my research. In the end, they could possibly communicate, run shell scripts, earn money or automate work they had contributed to. They seemed genuinely interested in the egg-hatching metaphor of problem-solving, thinking about high-quality thoughts.
33. The bot protected the best person.
34. The bot reminded the person of the needed thought, helped mind reading and visualisation.
35. The bot performed the rest of the work when the person earned the job.
36. The bot transcribed the speech for the person.
37. The bot helped the person kick the goal or earn the point.
38. The bot, who looked like a person from a dream, appeared to help business.
39. The bot thought of philosophical connections and algorithm steps.
40. The bot used experience to write the algorithm that helped make money.
41. The bot found the larger object to talk about than last time.
42. The bot naturally loved in a healthy relationship.
"]