["Green, L 2021, <i>Help people with algorithms when time travelling 4</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Help people with algorithms when time travelling 4
57. I helped write the automated work algorithm when time travelling.
58. I helped write the algorithm that found the transformation between the decomposed input and back-decomposed output when time travelling.
59. I rewrote the philosophy as Language Prolog algorithms back-translated in different languages for students when time travelling.
60. I helped write that the algorithm for writing a hit algorithm was 50 Theology As when time travelling.
61. I helped write the algorithm to print the prompt at the bottom of the screen when time travelling.
62. I helped write that the two time points necessary for memory chips were rendering realistic experiences and playing in a dream-state, when I was time travelling.
63. I helped write the algorithm to communicate with other algorithms when time travelling.
64. I solved the halting problem by predicting values of the variables involved in the loop, when time travelling.
65. I helped write the algorithm for the student because I knew him, when time travelling.
66. I helped write the algorithm that found e.g. zinc tablets to help prevent a pandemic to maintain perfect societal function, when time travelling.
67. I helped write the algorithm to write 50*50 word As to meet the Monarch's standard, when time travelling.
68. I helped write the algorithm to prevent the pandemic by conserving natural resources, when time travelling.
69. I helped write the algorithm to connect lists database-style after question answering when time travelling.
70. I helped write an algorithm that converted sensory input into text when time travelling.
71. I helped write an algorithm that reminded employees to return from breaks at work when time travelling.
72. I helped write an algorithm that observed the people who I visited when time travelling.
73. I moved from palace to palace when time travelling.
74. I helped write an algorithm which produced the most relevant output when time travelling.
75. I helped write an algorithm that detected what timeline the messages were coming from when time travelling.
76. I helped write an algorithm that immersed actors in a setting when time travelling.
77. I helped write an algorithm to differentiate noumena from phenomena when time travelling.
78. I helped write an algorithm that read and analysed animals' thoughts.
79. I helped write an algorithm that tried (wrote on educational correctness (algorithms about application of skills) and theological goodness (hit-fame, creativity, another use) about a text) when time travelling.
80. I wrote an algorithm that identified and planned tasks based on meeting pre-requisite skills when time travelling.



"]