["Green, L 2021, <i>Interesting histories to visit 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Interesting histories to visit 1
1. I observed the output coming from the input.
2. I watched the media broadcast of the event.
3. I reacted to the A with an A.
4. I modified data from one algorithm for another.
5. I assessed the A about the event against criteria.
6. I observed whether the well-known meditator used the soma prayer.
7. I observed the rights of the bots to government.
8. I observed the way the player bobbed and weaved.
9. I invented a historic word for the phrase that the argument was related to.
10. I recorded the inference thought of.
11. I found the economics of people staying out of the sun.
12. I recorded whether the documents' lengths were the same.
13. I compared the language from the histories.
14. I computed the most important list of histories to visit.
15. I learned the language, including the synonyms from the time.
16. I observed the white witch think of the two positive thoughts in history.
17. I mind surveyed the effects of meditation through time.
18. I mind read the well-known animal thinking of the comma in Prolog.
19. I kept the algorithms around skill level so that customers from history could think of new algorithms.
20. I cared for the self, carried invisibly in a reusable space, in each historic setting.
21. I wrote the algorithm, particularly the quantum power algorithm, to work in the historical setting time travelled to.
22. I fulfilled my dream of visiting the most beautiful cities in time.
23. I ate the minimum amount of safe food when visiting the history.
24. I found the typical costume, background and aim in the environment for the character from the time.
25. I planned a secure route while visiting the time.
26. Upon consultation with the well-known man, I checked that the child was taken care of after he died.
27. I lectured in decomposing the list (like practising yoga) to the important future class.
28. I found whether the chain of uses (linked with examination) was five (no Honours studied) or ten (Honours studied) in the figure.
29. It would be an Honour to send letters to and meet a famous person.
30. The subject randomly chose and educated the person from history.
31. I checked that each of the words translated to the old language had a synonymous meaning with a word in the sentence.
32. I regularly changed the old key that had been mind photographed.
33. I documented my work for the day in the monastery in the other time.
34. I limited visitors to the event.
35. I wrote possible interactions between bots in the company in history.
36. The hermeneutics algorithm recorded stages of changes to an algorithm during history (e.g. supercomputer-fast inductive algorithm writer).  Do 'quantum' algorithms take texts from past algorithms and skip over computations?  Can machine learning quantum algorithms compute interpreter output in this way?
"]