["Green, L 2021, <i>Meditate to Time Travel 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Meditate to Time Travel 5
57. I agreed to change to positivity when meditating to time travel.
58. I checked that the professors talked about positivity across times when time travelling to meditate.
59. I mind filmed the result of preventing headaches, staying happy and making sales when meditating to time travel.
60. I read and meditated during the series of time-space teleports on the space ship.
61. I meditated on and was in agreement with the original reason after time travel.
62. I read and had screen-free time when meditating to time travel.
63. I storyboarded my planned time travel, including meditation.
64. I took notes from meditation when time travelling.
65. I combined vocational education with university education for meditation and time travel.
66. I advocated world peace through meditation when time travelling.
67. I researched my assignment when meditating to time travel to go to the top of the class.
68. I recorded the head of state and comment when meditating and time travelling.
69. The primary school child was safe in time because of meditation.
70. I applied for roles and wrote books and music in time after meditating.
71. I set up a spiritual receptor, transmitter and doing transmitter that indicated time travel (by meditating) to prevent mistakes becoming big ideas to earn roles.
72. I spacetime travelled to Mars and meditated in the atmosphere.
73. I meditated and time travelled to avoid rumination (stayed happy).
74. I time travelled to after I died to help the child write 3 Meditation As.
75. I time travelled to test whether the baby would live, then meditated and solved the problem.
76. The computer prevented accidents detected in the future with meditation-time travel.
77. After mind watching the time travel phenomenon, I meditated on it.
78. I meditated on the nuances of time travel, i.e. politeness with the people and time travellers.
79. Time travel is meditation, not vice versa.
80. There were two parts going well together for safety in both meditation and time travel.


"]