["Green, L 2021, <i>People 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"People 5
45. I found the time traveller linking the two people.
46. The time traveller explored the realist pole.
47. I checked whether the time traveller had reached the threshold for business.
48. The time traveller mind read his home timeline before returning.
49. The person finished her sentence before time travelling.
50. The philosopher asked the actor to perform the play about the philosophy.
51. The first person prepared for the second person with As.
52. The person captured the time traveller's statement.
53. I prepared to facilitate the time travellers in my business.
54. The economist turned the breasoning into business.
55. I found the positive path around the ricocheting radiation when time travelling.
56. I configured the switches for sales points during the conversation.
57. I set up a wisdom (time travel) consultation company.
58. The manager gave the queen's student details to think of the rest of the combinations (one combination) of philosophies in the essay.
59. The manager helped the time traveller to be happy.
60. The person documented the moving structure when time travelling.
61. I took advantage of the acoustics of the giant guitar I lived in.
62. I became a pedagogy writer for business.
63. The person described his thesis topic with a diagram.
64. The person wrote the algorithm for the head of state and the argument for the professor when time travelling.
65. The automaton found out and plotted the positive path for the person when time travelling.
66. The person broke the time travel visit into chunks.
67. The person wrote the pedagogy subsidy argument.
68. The person ate enough normal food, giving her enough nutrients.
69. The person followed algorithms that he had written when time travelling.
70. The time travel company set a cap at one return trip per person.
71. I was polite and courteous in my role as time traveller to others.
72. The robot had a meditation (mindfulness) check.
73. The time traveller took care to plant a flower when picking one.
74. The alien checked n-level arguments with m reasons per reason.
75. The animal unfolded its life when given 50 As per day.
76. I time travelled the tangible spiritual bot to connect the points to achieve the academic result.
77. I checked the time tourist destination and locals before travel.
78. The algorithm verified the other time before recommending time travel to it.
79. I wrote syntheses for the method of analysis and the metacognition.
80. The part of the person's brain was like a separate person.
"]