["Green, L 2021, <i>Space Flight 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Space Flight 2
16. The spacecraft teleported where there were no obstacles, bad space weather, and no interruptions to the timeline.
17. The spacecraft helped give occupants As.
18. The spacecraft mind read audio to assess the crew's health.
19. The spacecraft increased thoughts to have breathsonings and rebreathsonings.
20. The spacecraft suggested the correct input, explaining against the other input.
21. The spacecraft became dimensionally light when teleporting.
22. The spacecraft transmitted and received messages.
23. The spacecraft verified and predicted thoughts quickly.
24. The spacecraft docked after the historic mission.
25. The spacecraft was cloaked when it moved.
26. The spacecraft computer verified with other sources to ensure that there would be adequate preparations for the flight.
27. The spacecraft computer accessed and obeyed local regulations.
28. The spacecraft verified the idea as an algorithm for safety purposes.
29. The space traveller gave instructions about his requirements at the start of the journey.
30. The space travellers were the same person, from different times.
31. The space ship traveller ran against the hologram.
32. The space ship algorithm automated meditation before space jumps and when it detected pedagogy help.
33. The space ship detected and healed a suicidal pilot before flight.
34. The designer designed a space ship with teleporting quantum-powered space pods.
35. The captain delivered the famous statement on board the space craft.
36. The unwell person chose not to make the space flight.
37. The space craft detected thoughts of the passenger about other passengers.
38. The space traveller practised meditation and used the quantum box.
39. The space leader compiled the legs of the itinerary.
40. The space ship robopod carried travellers between ships when docking.
41. The space computer mind read and communicated with the person to keep him psychiatrically happy.
42. The space ship had a yoga room.
43. The space traveller used full brain potential with puzzles, etc.


"]