["Green, L 2021, <i>Technologies in Times 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Technologies in Times 1
1. The immortality memory chip contained the immortality memory chip.
2. I visited the atmosphere of Venus while (im)mortal.
3. Pedagogy was offered when humans were assimilated with aliens.
4. Those who assimilated with aliens compensated for different planetary climates.
5. Quantum powered replicators cloned organs for medicine.
6. The human animal chose the highest quality time travel destination.
7. Pedagogues wrote only positive thoughts given physiological and societal changes.
8. (Im)mortals functioned only with positive thoughts.
9. When pedagogy, etc. was taught to students in the future, more pedagogues were taught by the students.
10. (Im)mortals came to earth from the alien ship that landed on Earth.
11. The computational quantum box helped meditators with no pathological problems, i.e. not necessarily cloning as medicine patients.
12. The traveller moved to a universe where we are simulated or which we simulate for cloning as medicine.
13. Travellers on alien ships needed to compensate for different planetary climates.
14. Precaution-takers who left for another universe thought only positive thoughts.
15. The robot helped the person prevent disease with the quantum box algorithm until they died.
16. The human animal had robotic parts.
17. The alien ship arrived on earth, bringing knowledge about cloning as medicine.
18. Cloning as medicine was given to aliens who assimilated with humans.
19. Meditation remained with travellers who mutated in response to the new climate when they travelled to the new planet.
20. Human animals coped with the rising climate.
21. Zinc treatment for viruses and bacteria was tested against the hotter climate.
22. The class took an excursion in a Venusian airship.
23. Alien ships visited the Earth spaceport when humans were assimilated with aliens.
24. A spiritual computer maintained positive thoughts using quantum energy.
25. Robots performed experiments to produce human animals.
26. The quantum box prevented disease in humans, not necessarily human animals, for whom other methods were used.
27. Cloning as medicine was tested in the hotter climate.
28. Robots used quantum power, could time travel and replicate objects.
29. Travellers from the hotter atmosphere of Earth adjusted to the air temperature in the Venus airship.
30. Travellers on the alien spaceship used zinc to prevent viruses and bacteria.
31. The Venus airships used quantum energy.
32. Those who used zinc to prevent viruses and bacteria spread knowledge about it.
33. Those in the Venus airships mutated because of changes to what they were used to.
34. Those who used quantum power, time travel and replicate objects had positive thoughts.
35. Human animals toured other universes.
36. The (im)mortal wrote pedagogy.
37. The memory chip contained memories of other memory chips.
38. The (im)mortal used the quantum box to prevent headaches.
39. The human animal attained (im)mortality.
40. The human animals only had positive thoughts.
41. I argued for helpers with the logic of taking zinc to prevent infection to thought of throughout time.
42. I practised yoga before time travelling.
43. The Venus airship had tinted windows.
44. I tested that my nervous system worked properly after teleporting on the alien craft.
45. The invisible robot used quantum power.
46. Cloning as medicine with the eye worked, where the eye usually can't be transplanted from another host.
47. The robot completed all breasonings in the PhD by giving data in different ontological categories to the same algorithm.
48. Do 47 to explore the features of the algorithm (i.e. write a verification algorithm with all combinations of data).
49. I verified the appearance of human animals in history from at least two sources.
50. I was briefed on the implications of Earth's climate's temperature rising.
51. I applied the spiritual nut and bolt to each mutation from moving to the other planet.
52. I helped the animals procreate by breasoning out the pedagogical argument.
53. I helped prevent injuries from the haircut with the quantum box.
54. I explored the model in a positive way.
55. I noticed that the tangible spiritual bot materialised to make a profit.
56. Scientists checked that natural children were possible between aliens and children.
57. The roboticist helped Felix to be happy given information from all imaginable universes.
58. God (the person) learned about zinc curing the pandemic.
59. The time traveller protected the person.
60. The student in the Venus airship met the requirements of all the high quality thoughts of the competition when creative writing.
61. The aliens were liberal and helped the person to meet all standards of the good life.
62. I used the quantum powered computer to check the integrity of the mind reading signal and time travelling signal and encrypt them, where the signal is checked and encrypted by the idea that it is travelling across the abyss of time and space and authorities can predict the activity.
63. The workings of DNA and RNA were examined in cloning for medicine.
64. The human-turned-robot lectured in pedagogy.
65. The camera recorded the human animal for research.
66. The peace researcher studied the effects of the increase in atmospheric temperature.
67. The scientist detected the mutation in a non-invasive manner.
68. The mind read message arrived with breasonings worked out to help me best respond to it.
69. The (not necessarily electronic) quantum box helped me to experience wellness.
70. I positively planned my life around my art.
71. The immortality time crystal contained the simulation of the person captured at all points to them at one point in our universe.
72. I considered the ethics of giving input to post-assimilation with-aliens-times.
73. The bot bridged the paradoxical disconnect when the person left the universe for a universe where we are simulated or which we simulate.
74. I noticed that if all the universes in e.g. 73. were part of one universe, then there would be conservation of energy.
75. The leader found knowledge of zinc helped me stay at the top.
76. The time traveller was treated as a patient by doctors.
77. Meditation was practised by many on the Venus airship.
78. The alien ship circumnavigated objects to conserve time lines.
79. The meditation teacher performed the Meditation Teacher Sutra to be at one with meditation teaching and practise it properly, without necessarily manually performing tasks using a quantum powered computer.
80. The student graduated in cloning as medicine.






"]