["Green, L 2021, <i>Recordings from 30 As 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Recordings from 30 As 2 Edit
I ate the sweets.
I knew you dicotyledon.
I experienced your happiness.
I endorsed you.
I shaped the robot's body.
I read on physiology.
I read on anatomy.
I shaped up the item on sale.
I protected you.
I made the robot hamstring.
I examined cellophane.
I saw your doodles.
I saw Happynices (sic).
I saw the person.
I recorded my conversation.
You gave input.  You returned output.
I wrote the term.
I wrote my own exam on developed things.
I examined the perfect conformations.
I saw the white lady
I identified the new person.
I saw your neuse (sic).
I recovered using the polyhedron.
I saw the wilbercocks.
I ate the wilbercocks.
I saw the wilbercock.
I moved on.
I saw heapings.
I enamoured myself.
The void was vulgar (beautiful).
I succt-pined (sic) you.
I stroto-padded you.
I verified that the answer had the same meaning.
I compared with post-corporateness.
There will be no water war.
The quantum box looked like a square.
The nut and bolt looked like diamonds.
I noticed that the blanket made people feel good.
I am happy with recordings.
I proved that the minimum testing was done by testing against different combinations each with the same values in sets in databases.
A single case of the above was used as answer to verify against a unique meaning.
The same group's elements should be used in the parts of the formula when it has the same meaning.
This is a modal truth table.
I saw the tilda seaweed in the void.
I rolled the s.
I meditated (was happy) when rolling the s.
I rolled the s in fine arts.
I meditated (was friendly) in fine arts.
I said that recordings were new.
Recordings didn't (did) use chants.
Recordings were the way out.
I reduced breasonings to recordings by delegating them.
Recordings were enlarged breasonings.
The effects of implicit pedagogy (recordings) were similar to pedagogy.
The body and recordings are both multitasking.
Recordings are breasonings.
Recordings fill in details in breasonings.
Recordings complete arguments.
Recordings replace faulty breasonings.
Recordings support reasons and objections with ontologies.
Reasons support objects.
God is how to access recordings.
The big man performed the recordings.
Everyone had recordings and breasonings and could convince with masters and PhD.
The pedagogy reader wrote 10 breasonings per 50 arguments, then breasoned out the arguments for the planned child
The prospective pedagogue was directed to pedagogy with 20 brand-matics (appearances).
Accreditation removed non-pedagogues (agrees with pedagogues).
The pedagogue enjoyed the quality of life he or she wanted to.
When I performed any As I received recordings from the lecturer.
When I performed any As I received recordings from the professor.
When I performed any As I received recordings from Maharishi.
When I performed any As I received recordings from the royal
When I performed any As I received recordings from the politician.
I acknowledged the affirmation that 10 recordings had been done.
I played the man's recordings to him.
Recordings were the breasonings on an education system.
There were 50 As of recordings.
The breasonings were synthesised and then the recordings of them were played.
Recordings by individuals generated essays.
In the future, people developed recordings-producing ability with computers and displays."]