["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading Audio Input and Output 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Mind Reading Audio Input and Output 5
57. I mind listened to the lecturers and spoke with the private tutors they appointed in each subject.  I mind listened to the thoughts of the self.
58. I mind listened to the seller of the soundtrack of rain as I fell asleep.
59. I mind listened to whether the interested person wanted to receive the health idea at 12 PM on Friday.
60. As the other mind wrote, the self mind wrote about writing.  I mind listened to the way to do the task (like education and education of education).
61. Medicine was a dialectic about remaining safe.  Medicine was mind stating the way to stay safe.
62. I produced the machine to mind read audio.
63. I mind wanted the person not to waiver from joined-upness.  I appeared to each person and mind helped them.
64. I mind wrote the book as an area of study (my own ideas).
65. I mind transcribed my meditations as a self-other dialectic.
66. I mind checked that the edge was clear of other nodes.
67. I mind revised that I had packed survival gear for my hike.
68. I mind differentiated the buyers out.  I mind differentiated the voters out.
69. I mind predicted the person's behaviour from their philosophy.
70. I mind spoke to the hearing-impaired person.  I mind listened to the vocally-impaired person.
71. I mind stated the paronomastic idea.
72. I mind stated the relevant idea.
73. I mind stated the important idea (on the main topic).
74. I mind stated the developed (detailed) idea.
75. I mind articulated the perfect program that the latest idea was (e.g. amalgamating two ideas into one and applying an idea the idea).
76. I mind decided to form a party based on people and money.
77. I mind ensured that people of different races had equal rights.
78. I mind catered for people with different diets.
79. I mind painted the idea in my algorithm.
80. I mind saved the biological file for the apple seed.
"]