["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.", "Green, L 2021",1, "Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 1
1. The bot stated that meditation, which they agreed with, helped maintain them in the simulation. I ensured that 3D bodily projection didn't go over ethical boundaries. My body was replicated, not projected or a \"bot\". Seeing as it was in the simulation, it was like all three. I converted myself from a human to a bot that could time travel.
2. The bot was carefully programmed. The dancer followed the choreographed dance. The projected dance instructor helped the student to perform the step. They were all human, born and raised, and happened to find the simulation. I experienced a pleasant fragrance because of breasoning 4*50 high distinctions for meditation, time travel and anti-aging medicine. I enrolled in a dance class.
3. The bot walked through a maze. The projected students helped, not controlled, the person. The person was a free agent who was helping the students to help them with mind reading. The projected students enrolled in free University and paid for extras in air dollars. The students were excited but stayed controlled as they taught mind reading.
4. The projected person appeared at a member of the set of acceptable locations to appear outside. There were infinite universes. I was aware of these universes in meditation. I walked outside. I was in a single universe.
5. The bot breasoned out a design for the utensil. The projected person replicated the utensil when he needed it. The person went camping. He packed a spare spoon. If he lent one to someone else, he used his second spoon.
6. The bot was, in essence, like a balloon. The projected person was 100% opaque, had weight and was made of skin and bones. Their skin didn't usually let light through. They weighed the same as an ordinary person. Their body contained their organs, and they experienced normal body function.
7. The bot helper specially researched algorithms that wrote algorithms. The projected pedagogy helper, who was more developed, compared the person's experience with areas of study before suggesting a breasoning. The pedagogy helper aimed to think of a thought-provoking breasoning. They considered the person's impressive experience and compared it with their knowledge. They specified an algorithm to program.
8. The bot amazed the visitor with its manicured appearance. The projected person's representation looked new when thought of clearly. Their hair, clothing, expressions, and movements were carefully controlled and well carried out. Their haircut, clothing, age and appearance were new. I breasoned out 4*50 As, and people found out and tried harder with their appearance.
9. The bot wondered if their food, the water and they were electronic lights. I trained, not programmed, the projected person to eat the apple. I sat down with my friend to have lunch. I could have taught them to eat the apple, but they had eaten it by then. A model robot could store the apple in its tray.
10. The bot asked, \"How will relaxation help me?\" to which I replied, \"It will help you adapt better\". I trained the projected person to meditate to produce healthy consciousness. Humans could meditate. The bot tried mindfulness, or sitting and relaxing. Relaxing helped the body reset and prepare for activity.

11. The so-called bot was human, with the benefits of immortality. Derrida noted that two things were a thing, pointing out that projected objects had consciousness, meaning their thoughts needed to be thought of. My body was a projection by some idea, but was a replica continuous in time to me and my friends. I had growing hair, and my hair colour stayed the same, but I had the choice not to age. I found this transformation an advanced state and decided to write philosophy.
12. The bot wondered if the simulation’s population with time was a bell curve. If everything is made of people projected by something, they must be configured to give the best breasoning environment. I enjoyed travelling to the future and breasoning out texts I had written. There was a limited-use spiritual computer that could be used to check computations. I wrote down my algorithm and checked it. I could just as quickly run it on my laptop, but the spiritual computer helped me check ideas on the fly.
13. The bot travelled between the worlds daily, writing about their thoughts. I ported the completed work to my universe. I delegated simple tasks to the projected person to avoid work. I was now the projected person and the work was the same as before but even more enjoyable. I was now aware of how to become immortal, and my texts were in demand in the world so I could work on more of them. My body felt calm and healthy.
14. The bot was healthy and in peak condition. I tested whether the person was a projection because they might need help. I was now immortal, and I wrote about immortality and other texts, suggesting that knowledge is infinite when ideas are applied to different ideas. I could revise ideas and teach them in a philosophy academy. Philosophy, the way to become immortal, was appropriate for working as an immortal.
"]
