["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.", "Green, L 2021",1, "Mind Reading Cryptography
- Like cryptography et al., checks integrity.

Two hundred and fifty breasonings for:
a. I mind read all departments about time travelling. I mind-read ten algorithms to time travel. I mind read the history. I mind read the politics. I mind-read the theology.
b. I maintained the philosophical standpoint. I mind read A, B and B to B texts to time travel. I controlled my actions. I decided not to act sometimes. I told others to do the same thing.
c. The qualifications used multiple departments. I mind read and breasoned out a text describing from where, to where, from when, and to when with separate breasonings to describe breasonings and travel. I was literal about breasonings, i.e., the lecturer can think of her topic to breason out, a recordings specialist can send breasonings through time, medical uses for the quantum box are explicit (including helping prevent cancer), and each argument should be called good about God. I researched breasonings from a single department at a time. I researched linking arguments about two departments at a time.
d. I researched time travel with meditation. I mind-read the time travel safety precautions. I protected my upper organs with meditation and medicine. I protected my middle organs with meditation and medicine. I protected my lower organs with meditation and medicine.
e. I checked the planned travel. I mind read when people saw me when I time travelled. I saw the person around me. I saw him looking at me. I verified that I was safe.
f. I recursively helped those around me resolve any questions they had. I mind read that I and others had no depression when I time travelled - I time travelled. I was happy. I verified that those around me were happy.
g. I helped others to verify that they had no aches or pains after time travel. I mind read that I had no discomfort in my body before time travel. I detected that I had no aches or pains in my body. I time travelled. I verified that I still had no aches or pains.
h. I worked out what to do and think before doing and thinking it. I mind-read myself to hone in on where I wanted to go and not lose interest in it when time travelling. I looked at my surroundings. I decided on where to go. I verified the safety of the place and the people there.
i. Meditation protected me. I mind projected lead around me for comfort during time travel so that everything was cared for, including not having radiation sickness. The lead time machine was replicated. I used it after gaining the ability to time travel in the simulation. This ability was effortless, and I contributed a 4*50 Breasoning Algorithm Generator (BAG) As to meditation, time travel and anti-ageing medicine to protect my body.

When time travelling, I cleaned my time with zinc atoms on either side of my time. This precaution prevented sickness from time travelling by killing pathogens. I saw other time travellers doing this, which helped me to find my time travels delightful. This cosmological time travel experience was that I didn't age.
41. The mind reader stayed aware of the message. I agreed with the message, like cryptography et al. checks integrity. I checked that the message was intact after encrypting and decrypting it. I agreed with the checked message. Agreeing with the message was like checking it.
42. The mind reader scanned the message. I laughed about the message, like cryptography et al. checks integrity. Laughing was like checking the message. I critically held the message. The message was humorous.
43. The mind reader generated music and philosophy ideas. I checked the vocabulary was appropriate, like cryptography et al. checks integrity. Checking the vocabulary level of the message was similar to checking it was complete. Mind reading was like using a word processor. I explained mind reading was useful for generative art.
44. The mind reader exercised regularly. I checked that the message was medically safe like cryptography et al. checked integrity. Being healthy was like an intact message. My body remained healthy. All my systems felt and worked fine.
"]