["Green, L 2021, <i>Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 2</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Mind Reading 3D Bodily Projection 2
15. The bot aimed to write and complete genuinely valuable algorithms. I projected the top of the class student when there was none. In a class of low-performers, I helped each student reach their goals, and there was a regular changeover of the top of the class. I taught computer science, and students read, wrote and held discussions. Philosophy analysed intersections of areas of study and benefited from the onslaught of ideas from theology.
16. The bot mined and settled the simulated planet and wondered about walking around it in the simulation. I projected-terraformed the satellite planet. This process was a computer game. I could simulate the planet on my computer and found advanced technology similar to drag-and-drop, identical to teleportation. Immortality was not just replacing one’s body; it seemed to make continuous transitions, containing pedagogical medicine and other medical breakthroughs.
17. The bot projected a foreign language-speaking partner. I studied the language by back-translating it and finding attractive language with the desired meaning. This process involved grammar-checking the original and changing the wording for correct translation. I found the simplest intersection of originals for translating into various languages for the greatest clarity. I wondered whether interplanetary societies had high distinctions and meditation and whether they had bots more interested in computer science.
18. The bot interested the person in 50 As for earning jobs and having children. I projected a character to hand-breathe out 50 As. I interested the people in pedagogy, and they completed computer science exercises exploring pedagogical areas of study. Computer science can explore any idea. I could ask the computer to check back-translations for the same meaning and to change the original to produce a more accurate translation.
19. The bot maintained their accuracy by running BAG for immortality. I projected a person to see what they thought to be thought of to help primary school students. The clown described the flowers to the girl. She recognised the flowers by their description. The girl practised the skill of matching a definition to a term.
20. The bot tantalised the student with a new possibility for a sentence that one could re-word. I projected a life-size maze and people to walk through it to encourage paying customers to complete it. I drew and finished the maze. I generated the maze from terminal subterms with addresses from BAG data. In the life-size maze, players could comment on the new thought-provoking sentences at the end of each path as an activity.
21. The bot re-ran Music Composer, hand-entering different melodies and rhythms for pop and classical music. I projected the body double for stunts and dangerous appearances. I avoided risks and felt safe in any case. I replaced stunts with computer graphics. I could produce a film of myself walking in a green field or smelling the roses.
22. The bot found the question and answered it. I projected the person’s appearance to link to and remind spelling testees of the correct spelling of a word. I read and checked spelling while thinking and writing. I used “etcetera” in formal writing and “etcetera, etcetera” in speech. I made a mind-reading spell-checker that checked and suggested spellings as I thought.
23. The bot found a common theme of the future civilisation featured in religions. I projected religious (philosophical) Gods (figures) and leaders to encourage people to follow. I found that philosophy was peaceful and promoted critical analysis and meditation used philosophy for points given in physics. I found the way to achieve the result by using a product, but my time was catching up in understanding the technology’s mechanism. I could spiritually eat, support myself, write and remain content.

24. I projected the setting visitor, photographer and caption writer.
25. I projected the device based on an algorithm (e.g. a computer).
26. I projected the inquirer to test the evidence.



27. I projected people in time to test whether whether time travel was feasible.
28. I projected helpers to the student who expressed interest in pedagogy.
29. I projected two helpers to help more than one.
30. I projected the helper to the prospective pedagogy student to remind him to dot on the breasonings details to God.
31. I projected the algorithm helper to help visualise algorithms when writing them.
"]