["Green, L 2021, <i>mr for scientific property detection 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"mr for scientific property detection 1
1. Detect and prevent any psychologically preventable pre-pathological damaging disease in time.  Detect and prevent any psychologically preventable pre-pathological damaging disease.
2. Detect and prevent any psychologically preventable pre-pathological damaging stress in time.  Detect and prevent any psychologically preventable pre-pathological damaging stress.
3. I detected that the helium balloon was lighter than air with mind reading. I detected that it was not heavier or the same weight as air, but lighter than it.
4. I detected the gravity constant from mind reading the witness to the falling object.
5. I detected the speed of the vehicle from mind reading the witness of it.
6. I detected the speed of the plane landing at the airport from mind reading the witnesses' account.
7. I mind detected the effect of meditation on medical indicators (e.g. specific algorithm writing in postgraduate study, writing bot software in business and writing computational meditation software).
8. I taught the person meditation at the critical time point, where I mind tested this saved his life.
9. I mind tested that the student could apply philosophical perspectives, combining different ideas to see ideas in a new light and test whether they generally work.
10. I mind tested that the argument map had an even number of objections on each branch so that it overbearingly agreed.
11. I ate the non-genetically modified food and mind tested that it was good.
12. I mind tested that the student had completed the hurdles in the assignment.
13. I mind tested that the person was trained.
14. I mind tested the rhetoric that as A is B, C is B.
15. I mind tested that the student had critically evaluated the book about the good.
16. I mind read the structure's depth.
17. I excluded pharmacological medicine and guarantee of success for the pathologically ill from my medicine, mind including spiritual medicine for stress sufferers.
18. I mind tested for agreement with the philosophy.
19. I mind tested whether the reasoning structure had changed.
20. I mind tested that the student had understood the grammar interpreter in List Prolog.
21. I mind tested that the food was safe to eat.
22. I mind tested the pattern that the child needed to read the book.
23. I mind tested that the meditator used his will to find the way.
24. I mind tested that the customer thought meditation was a good deal.
25. I mind read the objects (with the person with objects) that the ball-bearing deflected because of the magnet.
26. I mind tested material for enough majors (given to thoughts).
27. I mind tested that the first instance of the item had been deleted from the list.
28. I mind read the person that she had entirely painted the mantelpiece clock.






"]