["Green, L 2021, <i>Mr for philosophy and algorithm writing 5</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"Mr for philosophy and algorithm writing 5
58. I inductively reasoned out the philosophy rule from the data (what a mind read thought meant).
59. I studied an Arts degree, developed philosophy topics to expand before starting Education to become a pedagogue, where I prepared for someone else to do this by mind reading them.
60. I exhausted my set of thoughts when mind reading to write the algorithm.
61. I simplified and generalised the mind read philosophy, checking it against my aim.
62. When my writings, systems and research (including mind reading algorithms and philosophy) were complete, I applied to the philanthropist for funding.
63. I mind read the algorithm about mind reading.  I mind read the philosophy about mind reading.
64. I added a list of key terms to check for in a mind read essay.
65. I mind read a chain of two reasons, the second of which to inspire the next reason.
66. I worked out the range of techniques for the mind read algorithm.
67. I worked out the requirements of the walk-through for the mind read algorithm.
68. I worked out the report for the mind read algorithm.
69. I prepared to mind judge the algorithm.
70. I worked out general contentions (i.e. a well-known idea from nature) in my mind read philosophy.
71. I verified the mind read algorithm's input against the type and mode statements.
72. I planned the mind read argument by synthesising my areas of interest.
73. I logically mind wrote the argument by writing an algorithm for it.
74. I flew through the mind read algorithm's data.
75. I mind breasoned out the thoughts during my day, to prepare to write an argument.
76. I mind related my journal article to current news and other journal articles.
77. I mind planned my life around my science.
78. I automatically included the necessary information from the plan in the mind read algorithm.
79. I decided to agree with one of two sides still.  I devised positive alternatives for algorithm predicates (i.e. alternative solutions) and argument reasons (i.e. alternative algorithms with sets of predicates) and argued against them.
80. Mind reading an algorithm or an argument is done with a (spiritual) circuit, not breasonings.


"]