["Green, L 2021, <i>mr spiritual screen 1</i>, Lucian Academy Press, Melbourne.","Green, L 2021",1,"mr spiritual screen 1
1. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading without others detecting the screen.
2. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading for time travel.
3. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading for privacy.
4. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading underwater.
5. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading in space.
6. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading for a spiritual operating system.
7. Use the spiritual screen with mind reading hands-free.
8. The visually impaired led the aerobics session with the spiritual screen and mind reading.
9. The contract to design the spiritual screen operating system with mind reading delivered the operating system as an earlier 'What's In It For Me' exit point.
10. The time traveller used the spiritual screen with mind reading to maintain personal safety in the simulation.
11. I taught the dinosaur whale to communicate using the spiritual screen and mind reading.
12. The pre-pedagogy helper used the spiritual screen with mind reading to display high quality imagery about pedagogical ways of thinking to prospective conceivers of children.
13. I rewrote the philosophy after reading the comments using the spiritual screen and mind reading.
14. There was spiritual audio and mind reading.
15. There were spiritual tactile sensations and mind reading.
16. There was spiritual taste and mind reading.
17. There was spiritual smell and mind reading.
18. I used the spiritual screen, which used mind reading, to maintain a positive path around nature.
19. I set the spiritual screen refresh rate.
20. I participated in group meditation with the spiritual camera to economically help myself.
21. I breasoned out the spiritual screen.
22. I permitted switching on the spiritual screen in addition to mind reading.
23. I used the spiritual screen to display the main thoughts to meditators to help them reach full brain potential when choosing the best features of meditation centres.
24. The professor summarised, memorised and redisplayed the choices thought of by the student a priori using the spiritual screen.
25. The student selected the item on the spiritual screen à present.
26. The professor invented and displayed the developed connection in the algorithm on the spiritual screen a posteriori.
27. Fly or browse through the 3D spiritual operating system.
28. The child played games on the spiritual screen with mind reading for happiness.
"]